Growing up, I was strictly forbidden from playing in the river that ran through the nearby woods. It was the same for all the neighborhood children. Nobody cared if we climbed on rocks and trees; hell, there was one kid who'd always try and shoot birds with a slingshot, and apparently that was *just fine*. But if we even dared to mention the river around our parents, they'd break into a lecture about how we'd be in big trouble if we ever were to go near it. 

Now, in every youth's life there is a time during which they seek to revolt. This phase can result in the strangest behavior, and believe me, I've seen a lot–like my friend Hollie, who thought it was a good idea to pierce her ears herself. My rebellion however was much simpler. All I needed was to test some of the rules constituted by my mother and father, just to prove to myself and them that they weren't always right. That's why one night while my parents were away, I put on some weatherproof clothes, grabbed my father's flashlight and marched out the door, right into the woods. My destination was the river. 

I really wasn't expecting a lot. My parents had never given me any reason not to go there, apart from it being dangerous. It had always seemed excessive to me; the river wasn't deep enough to drown in it and as far as I knew, there weren't any kinds of undercurrents that could have been a threat to us either. I figured my mother and father were just being paranoid, though it sure was an oddly specific fear. Still, as I ventured into the woods that night, the beam of the torch illuminating the path ahead of me, I was quite excited, a little nervous even. I found myself unable to stop fidgeting with the multiple zippers on my jacket and every little noise the dark forest produced, be it the crunching of leaves under my own shoes or a twig snapping in the distance, caused me to jump. But it wasn't as scary as it was exhilarating. Kind of like watching a horror movie.

I knew I was close when I could hear water running. Shining my flashlight ahead, I could already make out the shimmering, rippling surface of the dark river. I had only ever looked at it from afar. Just walking up to it was enough to make me shudder. I eventually came to a halt near the water's edge and stared down at it. It was beautiful. The light of the full moon was shining down through the canopy of leaves above and was reflected by the babbling stream. I slowly bent down, careful not to lose my footing and fall in. I raked my hand through the cold water, letting it flow through my fingers and wash off the sweat that had formed on my palm. I stayed like that for a whole minute, almost entranced by the calm sounds of the woods and the river. I remember thinking it'd be a nice spot to set up camp for a night. Sleeping there would probably be wonderful.

That's when I heard it, the splashing of a body moving through the stream, pushing the water aside. I jumped to my feet, quickly wiping my hand dry on my jeans so I could firmly cling to the flashlight again. Its beam illuminated a large figure right in front of me, standing in the shallow end of the river just a few steps ahead. It was a stout black horse, easily the biggest one I'd ever seen. Its long, dripping wet mane was so long it almost looked to be touching the ground when it lowered its head. Its round, dark eyes had a soft, gentle sheen to them. 

Had I been an adult, I might have wondered what in the world a horse like that was doing out in the woods in the middle of the night. Back then however, my first thought was something akin to *"It's so pretty".* I'm sure I was asking myself how it got there as well, but I wasn't wary of it, let alone scared. The horse appeared to be very calm and tame as well, making no moves to distance itself or even change its position at all. Instead, it shook its head into my direction almost curiously. I took a few, cautious steps towards it. It stayed right where it was. My trembling hand outstretched, I continued to approach it. 

When I was close enough to touch it, I carefully placed my hand on its neck, not sure where else to pet it. To my surprise, it leaned into the touch, turning its head to give me that trustful, sweet-tempered look again. I remember thinking that if there ever was a perfect moment, this was it. I turned to pet its side as well. Its fur was wet, but soft and oddly pleasant to the touch. I was standing on the dry riverbank at the time, the horse just below me. I started to toy with the idea of climbing onto its back. I was in an elevated position, I could probably jump up there. Still, I figured it wasn't a good idea. I didn't want to startle this huge animal. That was until it suddenly bent down a little. 

Unsure of what it wanted, I took a step back. The horse's head turned to face me again. I'm not sure how best to describe it, but it almost looked… encouraging? Suddenly, I had this urge, like I for some reason *needed* to sit on its back. I had to know what it was like, I simply had to. I tucked away my flashlight and with some effort hoisted myself up. It took me a little while, but once I had finally crawled onto the horse's back, it straightened up again. I instinctively leaned down to hug its neck, only then realizing how far up I was and having nothing else to grab onto. Before I could give it any thought however, the large animal had already started to walk. 

My former enthusiasm about this whole thing had already started to fade, but as the horse took up running, the truth of how I would probably not get off of it unscathed began to sink in. I had never done horseback riding before so I had no clue how to get it to slow down. Plus, what was I supposed to do with no reins? Shout at it to stop? I tried it, but it wasn't very effective. Panicking, I figured my only chance would be to jump. At that point, the horse was practically racing through the river. We were still on the very shallow side of it, so there wasn't enough water to slow it down. The clopping and splashing of its hooves felt almost deafening. Still, we were close enough to the dry ground for me to land safely. Bracing myself, I began lifting my left leg over the horse's back, ready to swing myself down, only to realize in horror that I couldn't. I was stuck. 

I could move my legs and the rest of my body, but my hands which had been clutching the animal's neck were basically glued to it. It was as if they were fixed to its fur. The horse was picking up its pace, dashing through the water. Had I not been sealed in place, there was no way I could have held onto it. Worse yet, it was beginning to pull over into the deeper part of the river. We had left the area that was familiar to me a long time ago already. The woods had started clearing up and there were less and less trees on our way, just wide, green plains. I knew the river would get deeper further out, too deep for someone to stand in, but I would have never gone there on my own. How could this thing even swim so fast?

The reality of this creature not being what it seemed was becoming painfully obvious. Looking down at it, I found that its body was starting to change, almost like it was morphing into something else, something less earthly. It had begun to slim, enough for its ribs to show. Glancing over my shoulder at its rear end, I saw that it had elongated, now looking like a fish's tail or the body of a snake, just… *enormous.* It was ploughing through the water, sending waves up to the riverbank. I was already submerged from my hip and below. Soon it'd be all the way up to my neck. I started to cry and scream, even though I knew nobody would hear me out there. The more I thrashed around on its back, the faster this water spirit seemed to go, almost like it knew what I was doing.

I needed to get my hands loose. It was my only chance. My mind was already racing with thoughts of drowning, water filling my lungs and keeping me from breathing. I wasn't going to die like that. I started to pull back with all my might. My palms were firmly attached to the fur, as if each and every single hair in that spot had drilled itself under my skin. Still, I didn't stop. I needed to get loose. Gritting my teeth, I stiffened my arms and threw back my upper body. I let out a howl of agony as I felt the skin of my palms rip, but I didn't stop. I leaned even further back, pulling against the furs grip using my entire weight. Then, suddenly, an even sharper sting of pain. It hurt so much it felt like someone had set my arms on fire, but I forced myself to ignore it. 

I swung myself off the horse's back. It didn't notice it right away, so I swam over to the riverbank as fast as I could. Thankfully, it wasn't too far. The icy water felt both good and torturous on my skinned hands. The cold soothed my burning nerves but everytime I pushed the water aside to move forward, it seemed to press back against the wounds. By the time I was out of the water, the horse was still on its original course, and it was only when I took off running that it appeared to take note of my absence. Staggering through the darkness, praying not to trip over anything, I heard the creature let out an ungodly sound. It was reminiscent of a neigh, but warped, distorted and way too deep. 

I pressed on, my only aim being to get as far away from the water as possible. I didn't know if it would follow me through the woods, but I could already make out the splashing of water behind me in the distance, quickly replaced by the clopping of hooves. Glancing over my shoulder, I saw that the horse had just gotten out of the river, but it was still not even close to me. Once it'd start to run, I knew I wouldn't stand a chance. I had to look for something else, a way to hide. My best bet were the trees. The creature could swim, but chances were it couldn't climb. I couldn't really see which trees would be easy to climb up on since they were all just shadowy silhouettes in the darkness, but as I was running out of options, I headed from the tree with the lowest hanging branches.

I was never particularly strong, but adrenaline does funny things to your body. I grabbed onto the lowest and thickest branch I could reach, the bark painfully scraping my skinned palms, and pulled myself up to sit on it with surprisingly little difficulty. Not wanting to take any chances, I climbed a little higher, now safely out of reach from my pursuer. I moved all the way up to the trunk, keeping my arms around it in hopes of steadying myself in place. Looking down, I spotted movement. Dark as it was, there was no way I'd have overlooked the shimmer of the false horse's fur. It looked normal again, gracefully circling my tree. It readied itself to jump and I winced as it leapt, but it missed me by a little over three feet and landed quite unceremoniously in the dirt below. After that, it trotted off again and I was left by myself, staring after it.

I waited for what felt like hours. By the time I finally dared to get off that tree, my thighs felt like someone had shoved iron rods into them. My walk home was long and tedious and *stiff*. The pain in my hands had subsided a little, leaving behind a throbbing sensation. I didn't dare look at the wounds. Instead, I focused on getting out of the woods. The water had rendered my flashlight useless, but I still found myself on a street I recognized soon enough. From there on out, it took me two hours to get back to my house. 

My parents were waiting for me inside. My mother only needed to take a single look at me to come running and throw her arms around me. She didn't seem to care that I was soaking wet and caked in mud. Upon discovering my hands, she let out a cry of terror. "Did you go to the river?" she gasped, placing her hands on my cheeks. I nodded, too defeated to speak. "My poor girl," she whimpered as she hugged me again. "This is all our fault… we should have just told you. I knew it was a mistake making it all mysterious, I just hoped you'd leave it alone…"

"Do you know you could have died out there?" my father inquired, his tone sharp. I could see the tears in his eyes though. "My grandfather told me of a little boy who had to cut his fingers off to get away from it. One touch can be enough to bind the skin, sometimes even the flesh, and if you can't tear yourself loose, it's over. It'll drag you down, drown you and eat you."

My mother petted my hair, burying her face against my shoulder. "Thank God you're okay. We were already worried when we saw you were gone… but your shoes and jacket were gone too and the door was locked so we figured you'd just gone out with a friend." 

"What was that thing?" I asked breathlessly.

My father bit his lip, raking one hand through his hair, the other one still busy keeping him on his feet by clinging to the corner of the shelf beside him. "We call it a Kelpie." 

[X](https://www.reddit.com/r/CrypticPark?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share)I’m a foster failure. That’s what they call it when you agree to foster a dog but end up keeping it instead of sending it to a new home. I signed up as a foster home for dogs for the same reason anyone else would: I love dogs. I spent some years being lonely, alone in a tiny town with basically no friends. I ended up wandering the local shelter in search of a friend. The shelter was having a push for people to sign up to foster and I took the bait. People loved to dump dogs they no longer wanted in our town and the shelter was always at or near capacity.

The day I signed up, I thought the tiny blonde woman running the shelter was going to collapse with excitement. She told me not many people signed up to foster in our town and she was sure they’d have a placement for me within the week, once all the paperwork was processed. 

I waited patiently. Within 3 days I got the call that there was a dog waiting for me. I could give this sweet dog a home until someone could come adopt it. I stood outside the shelter, looking at the photo that’d been sent to me of my new temporary companion. My phone screen was filled with the image of a large black dog that I was told had to be mixed with Great Dane due to his size. The rest of his lineage was as clear as mud, like most dogs in the shelter. His fur was scruffy looking and his ears were floppy. He had amber eyes that had the same wounded look as many other shelter dogs I’d seen.

I walked into the shelter to see the blonde lady attaching a leash to the collar of the big black dog I was to take home. She handed me the leash and told me his name: Shadow. Shadow stood and I realized I was wholly unprepared for his size. His back reached my hip height easily. If he would’ve placed his paws on my shoulder, we would’ve been eye to eye. His amber eyes almost seemed to glow. He didn’t seem scared at all.

Shadow walked up to me and sat down politely at my feet. His tail wagged furiously and he raised a paw to tap my knee. I scratched his head and he melted beneath me. It was love at first sight. I knew somewhere inside me that he’d be my dog in the end.

Before I loaded him up in my car, I was told he’d been bathed, but had a nice “stray stink” that seemed to be lingering despite the two baths he’d been given. As soon as we were in an enclosed space together, I couldn’t deny it. Shadow was a smelly dude. I made a mental note to speak to a groomer or a vet. There had to be a reason for the persistent stink.

As the weeks passed, I grew to love Shadow more and more. I started to believe I’d be a foster failure. He was a dog suited for me. I’d even set up a little dog camera so I could keep an eye on him him while I was at work and dispense some treats from the way-too-expensive device attached to the wall. 

Eventually some things started to strike me as odd...even scary. Shadow was wildly protective of me in a way I’d never seen from a dog. The slightest unexpected noise would cause him to jump in front of me, hackles raised and teeth exposed, ready to attack anything that may dare to cross my path. The growl he’d emit was otherworldly, so deep I almost felt it in my soul. When no threat was found, Shadow would return to my side, happily wagging his tail and panting, ready to play tug of war.

One night, about a month after I agreed to foster Shadow, I laid in my bed nearly asleep. Shadow occupied the spot next to me. I could nearly see those amber eyes sparkling in the dark. Just as I began to fall asleep, I was jolted awake by the sound of my front door rattling. Shadow was immediately up, fur raised and teeth bared. He bolted to the living room. I grabbed a baseball bat stashed beside my bed and began creeping to the living room as I heard the door open. Someone had broken in. I heard Shadow’s growl and began to round the corner. 

I was completely floored by what I saw. Shadow moved like a superhero, so fast I could barely see him. Before I could even say his name, his teeth were wrapped around the burglar’s neck. I swore I saw his claws grow. His teeth transformed into rows of points like a shark. Blood spattered across the room as Shadow slashed deep claw marks across the man’s torso. There was no hope for the man. In what felt like the blink of an eye, he dropped to the ground. Once I got close, I could see that the robber was dead. Shadow had blood dripping from his lips. He turned to me, his eyes searching mine as he panted. He was searching for approval. He’d done a good thing.

My stomach dropped. Shadow had no fear. He attacked the man like he’d done it a thousand times before. He killed him swiftly and easily. How could a thing I loved so much do something so horrific?

To add to my horror, there was a dead man in the floor. The mangled mess in my living room couldn’t feasibly have been caused by a dog attack. I felt bile rise in my throat. I was in an awful situation. I couldn’t even identify all my emotions...I was somewhere between terror, misery, and even a little love mixed in there. Something in me knew for certain that Shadow wouldn’t hurt me. He was *protecting* me. Protecting our home.  

Maybe it was some sort of dog Stockholm Syndrome. Is that a thing? I was equal parts terrified and adoring of Shadow. As I tried desperately to sort my brain out, I saw Shadow was pulling the body of the robber across our living room. He drug it all the way to our back yard. I knew what to do. 

I hate to say it, but I buried the man in our yard. What else was I going to do? No cop would believe Shadow did that. I would be to blame. Besides, even if they did believe it was Shadow, they’d take him from me. It felt like our souls had bonded. I couldn’t let him go.

I called the shelter the next day to tell them I was officially a foster failure. I wouldn’t be returning Shadow. The shelter owner forwarded me the adoption paperwork, more than happy that Shadow had a new home. 

Shadow spent every moment by my side. A few months after the robber incident, my doorbell rang. Fear struck me immediately. What if it was someone else that Shadow felt the need to demolish? To my shock, Shadow didn’t react in his normal protective way. He looked at me, then the door, and let out an approving howl. 

I opened the door to find a man dressed in a business suit with slicked back hair. He had a briefcase and a file folder. I assumed he was some sort of missionary.

“Hey buddy, I don’t need Jesus, but thanks anyway,” I said through the glass door.

“Oh, I know you don’t,” the man chuckled. He pointed behind me to Shadow, who was glued to my side. “I’d like to talk to you about that dog.”

My heart sank. Was this his original owner? 

“I’ve adopted him already, I’ve got the paperwork,” I said, my stomach churning at the thought of Shadow being taken from me. 

“Oh, he’s not mine. Well, I guess he is kind of. But I don’t want him. I just want to tell you some things. May I come in?” 

I hesitated, but Shadow’s lack of reaction made me feel safe. I opened the door and the man came inside. He gave Shadow a pat on the head. As he sat on my couch, he muttered “Wow, that smell really doesn’t get better up here.”

He passed the file folder to me. The front read: “So, You’ve Adopted Your Hellhound.” I opened it to find several pamphlets: “Squashing the Sulfur: Making Your Hellhound Smell Fresh!”, “Training Your Hellhound”, and “Which Entity Are You? Flowchart Inside!”, among many others. 

“I’m sorry...what? Hellhound?” I laughed. I couldn’t help it.

“Ok, look, I am on a limited time frame here. I don’t have time to let you process your shock or whatever. Somewhere in you, you know your dog isn’t a normal dog. And somewhere in you, you know *you* aren’t normal, don’t you?” He leaned forward, hands clasped.

It was like his words sank into me, puzzle pieces falling into place. My lack of friends, my need for no one, Shadow being the first emotional attachment I’d really ever had, the ease with which I’d accepted Shadow murdering someone, a thousand other tiny occurrences in my life that added up to this reality. I *wasn’t* normal.

“He’s a Hellhound. You’re a...well, we don’t really *love* the word demon, but if the shoe fits...” he trailed off. He tapped the pamphlet that mentioned entities. “I included that one so you can be sure. There’s a slight chance you’re something else, but demon is what my money is on. Your little friend here is your protector,” he pointed towards Shadow. 

Shadow laid peacefully at my feet. I stroked my hand down his scruffy black fur. 

“My contact information is in the folder too, ring me if you have any questions. There’s lots of info in there about training, grooming, general care. If you want to keep him, I’d study up. Wouldn’t want any more...casualties,” he said, pointing his eyes in the direction of my back door. He stood, bid me farewell, and was gone as quickly as he’d arrived. 

My world was flipped upside down in a matter of minutes. I laid on the floor next to Shadow and buried my face in the fur of the only friend I had. I gazed up at the ceiling, trying to process the fear I felt. The fear wasn’t of Shadow. No, that wasn’t it. It wasn’t even of the strange man who’d just shattered my reality. No...it was fear of *myself*. Of what I was. Of what I could become. Of what I knew deep down. I am meant for destruction with my companion by my side.

I looked up every time the bell chimed at the diner’s front door, my stomach tensing and then dropping when it was just some stranger coming in or heading back out after a greasy hamburger or a milkshake.  I was nibbling at a plate of cold fries, checking my phone every few minutes, wondering if she was going to show up at all.  It was already after two.  Less than eight hours left, and I didn’t know who to call if this didn’t work.  

In fact, the only thing I knew for sure was that I didn’t want to die.

Sighing, I stuffed the phone back into my pocket.  Either way, I needed to stop wasting time waiting for…Wait, there she was.  Thirty minutes late, but that was okay.  There was still time.

Ella met my eyes and headed over, her smile awkward but friendly as she sat down in the booth across from me.  Setting her bag down, she rolled her eyes as she shook her head.  “Sorry, Travis.  I know I’m like super late.  Fucking work, you know?”  She glanced around for the waitress.  “I ate something earlier, but I wouldn’t mind a milkshake or something I guess.”

She caught the attention of the woman at the counter and waved her over.  After ordering a strawberry milkshake and onion rings, heading to the bathroom, and then checking her phone, Ella let out a long sigh and grinned at me.  “Okay, so hi.”

I smiled awkwardly at her.  “Um, hi.  How’re you?”  I gestured at her.  “You um, look good.  Look happy.”  It wasn’t a lie.  She’d been beautiful when my brother Bryan had dated her, and fuck if she wasn’t even better looking now.  Beautiful and yeah, fucking happy.

She blushed prettily and nodded.  “Yeah, yeah I guess so.”  Her eyes widened slightly.  “I mean, things are still hard.  I…I think about Bryan every day, of course.  I just…I’ve been trying to focus on me, you know?  Doing work on getting past the hard stuff I’ve…that we’ve been through.”  Ella nodded to the waitress as the milkshake and onion rings arrived.  She sipped at it for a minute with her eyes down before glancing back up at me.  “What about you?  How’re you doing?”

“I’m okay.  In my last year at Uni.  Been planning on going into grad school in the fall.  Not here…east coast probably.”

She smiled again.  “That’s so cool!  Look at you.  I’m jealous.  It’ll do you good to get away from here.  Too many painful memories.”

I felt my face growing warm and I tried to keep the anger out of my voice.  “What about you?  I’d have thought it would be too hard for you to stay around here too.  Did you ever move?”

Ella shifted uncomfortably as she bit into an onion ring.  “No, not yet.  The house is rent-controlled from when my gran lived there, you know?  And it’s so close to work.”

I fought the urge to scream in her face, *And Bryan killed himself in your bathroom.*

Instead, I forced a smile as I nodded.  “Sure, yeah.  That’s important.”

She seemed to relax a little, but I could tell she was getting antsy.  She wanted to get rid of whatever guilt had motivated her to come and get out of there.  Get back to her beautiful, happy life.  “So Trav, what’s up?  You said there was something you needed to talk to me about?”  She frowned slightly.  “Is it something about Bryan?”

I shook my head.  “No, not exactly.  It was about something that happened a couple of nights ago.  When I was headed home from school.  It’s going to sound weird at first, but I want to tell you about it.  Make you understand.”  Thinking, I reached out and touched her hand.  “Okay?”

She started to pull back, but stopped herself.  Giving me an uncertain smile, she nodded.  “Yeah, tell me.”

So I did.

**** 

I drive back home every couple of months.  I visit Mom at the home—she never knows I’m there I don’t think, or at least not that it’s me, but I know, and that’s what matters.  I go to the house to sleep for a night or two—sometimes less if Dad is actually there, though he’s usually at work or out drunk or both.

Going and coming, I always take the same route.  Backroads until I get to Jessica’s Resolve, then the highway all the way until the edge of town.  It’s a boring way to go, but quiet and peaceful.  You can go half an hour without seeing another car some nights, especially when the weather’s bad.

This weekend, the rain was terrible all the way down, and I didn’t leave my apartment until after eight.  I could barely see half the time—I just kept an eye on the white fog lines and relied on my memory when I needed to slow down or make a turn.    I didn’t even see the hitchhiker until I was almost past him.

I know what you’re thinking.  You shouldn’t pick up a hitchhiker, especially with how people are nowadays.  And you’re right.  Mom and Bryan always told me that, and the couple of times I’ve seen one, I’ve always just kept on going.  

But I…I guess I’ve changed some in the last couple of years.  Changed a lot, really.  I don’t want to be scared like Bryan was…no, it’s true, he was.  And I don’t want to be anything like my father.  So I try to help people when I can.  Take a chance on people being good, and accepting it when I see they’re not.  Stop trying to dress things up, right?  That’s what got Mom in that home as much as what…as what happened to her.  She could never accept things as they were, and it…well, anyway, that doesn’t matter.  What matters is that when I saw that guy walking along with his thumb out in the pouring rain, I felt bad and decided to take a chance.  I stopped the car and let him in.

He seemed nice enough, if a bit strange.  He had long, black hair and a thick beard, and between them were eyes so deep-set I could barely see them at all in the lights of the car.  And he was wet and a bit smelly, sure, but I figured he’d been out in the storm for quite awhile.  

Still, he didn’t seem crazy or dangerous, just grateful for the ride.  When he got in, he wiped his hand on his grey overcoat and offered it to me.  Told me his name was Scott Czern and he was happy for however far I wanted to take him down the road.  I told him I could take him as far as Jessica’s Resolve, and that seemed to suit him just fine.

We rode for miles in silence after that.  I was nervous, sure, but I was also proud of myself for helping him out.  Another couple of hours and I could drop him off, and if he wanted to spend that time in silence, that was okay with me.

That, of course, is when he began to talk.

“It’s hard to get a ride these days.  So many people are afraid, and those that aren’t…well, they often bear watching, no?”  He gave a deep, throaty chuckle as he nudged me in the side unexpectedly.  I jumped a little, but tried not to let it show.  Instead I just laughed at his joke and kept my eyes on the road.  His voice was odd.  Rough and smoky, maybe?  And older than he had looked when he first got in.

I glanced over at him.  “Yeah, I guess so.  But I’ll promise not to murder you if you promise not to murder me, okay?”  I gave him a glancing smile, but he didn’t respond, just staring ahead at the road as though he hadn’t heard me.  Looking forward again, I saw my knuckles whitening on the wheel.  He just wasn’t paying attention or was trying to fuck with me.  And I was the one driving, right?  If he got too weird, I’d just drop him off early.

“Do you pick up strangers often?”

I flinched slightly as I pulled myself from my thoughts.  “Um, no.  This is the first time.  Normally I wouldn’t, but I…I guess I felt bad not stopping with it raining like this, right?”

Another throaty chuckle from the shadows beside me.  “Yes.  It would be bad luck to be so unkind.”

Deciding he must want to talk, I offered, “So what about you?  Do you hitchhike much?”

I heard a soft crackling sound like he was chewing on something, though I hadn’t seen any motion out of the corner of my eye.  “Oh yes.  I go where others take me quite often.”  He raised his hand, seesawing it back and forth like the deck of a rocking ship.  “I’m like a hornbeam seed, rolling this way and that, until I find a bit of fertile soil.”  

I glanced at the clock.  It was after nine.  I should be over halfway, but with the weather, everything was taking twice as long.  I thought again about making an excuse for letting him out early.  It wasn’t that he was doing anything wrong, not really, but I still felt myself growing more nervous the longer he was in the car.  Still,  I was better off just sucking it up and dropping him off where I’d said I would.  Less likely to piss him off or come across as a jerk, and really, what was the…

“I think I’ve found that with you, Travis.”  I saw him idly scratching at his forearm through the coat, his face hard and unreadable as he stared out at the road ahead of us.  “I think that’s *just* what I’ve found.  You stink of it, you know.”

I jerked slightly at his words.  “What?  I stink?  Um, I don’t know what…”

“The blood and the anger.  The death.  I can smell it coming off you.  It’s delicious.”

I took my foot off the gas as I clenched my teeth.  Okay, so this guy was a fucking nutjob.  Time to get rid of him, rude or not.

“Don’t do that, boy.  Not unless you want me to spill your guts where you sit.”  

I felt pressure on my stomach and looked down to see a small crescent moon blade gleaming green in the ambient light of the radio.  Shuddering, I put my foot back on the gas.  “Look, I…just tell me what you want.  If you want me to ride you wherever, I will.   Just please don’t…”   The blade dug into my stomach slightly and I sucked it in with a shaky breath. 

“No begging.  We just have to play this out, one way or the other, right?”

I nodded shakily.  “Sure.  Whatever you say.”

Czern chuckled again.  “What a polite and soft boy you are.”  His chuckle returned, drawing out into a raspy snicker.  “Or so you seem.  We’ll see, won’t we?”

I glanced at him again, careful to keep my speed up.  I couldn’t say for sure, but I guessed I was still at least half an hour from the nearest gas station or other place where I might get some help.  Plenty of time for him to kill me and take the car.  “What…um, what will we see?  Like, what’re you planning on doing?”

For a moment I thought he wasn’t going to answer, but then he muttered.  “Offer you a choice.  Just drive.”

Anger flared up in me.  There was contempt in his voice.  Contempt and dismissal.  It reminded me of when I’d confronted Dad about what had happened to Mom.  When I asked him how she’d fallen like that, hit her head like that?  Was he sure he hadn’t had something to do with it?  We’d been standing out in the hallway at the hospital, just outside her room.  The doctor had just told us they were moving her to a “care home” for people with permanent brain injuries.  When I’d asked if she’d ever get to come home, the doctor had just patted my shoulder and said they’d do everything they could.  That miracles did sometimes happen.

I’d heard Dad snort at that, and when we stepped outside, I’d started crying and yelling, demanding that he just *admit* what he’d done to her.  What he’d been doing to her all along, especially since Bryan died.  For a moment he’d looked angry, but then he’d just laughed.  

“Look at you, crying like a little pussy.  Just head on back to your fancy pussy school, boy.  We don’t got need for you here.”

I stomped on the gas as we headed for the next curve.  I couldn’t see the trees straight ahead, but I knew they were there.  I remembered something else too.

Czern hadn’t ever put on his seatbelt.

The world exploded into glass and screeching metal, and a moment later the driver’s side airbag inflated, slamming into my face even as I tried to keep my head straight.  I had to stay awake.  I had to get out of the car and make sure he was either dead or hurt too badly to come after me.

My vision swam as I pushed back against the hot, white bag, but after a moment of flailing I managed to open my door.  I tried to get out but couldn’t…I had a second of terror—I was pinned somehow, maybe by the engine or steering wheel, maybe my legs were crushed and I just couldn’t feel it…but no.  It was just my stupid seatbelt.

Gasping, I undid it and fell out of the car.  Looking back inside, I could see past the deflating bag now.  I didn’t see the other man at all, but then I realized why.  The passenger side of the windshield had been blown out, sending the hitchhiker out into the trees somewhere.

I considered just going back up to the road.  Trying to walk or crawl for help until a car passed or I made it to the nearest house or store.  But I had the image of Czern coming up behind me, crescent blade in hand as he hugged me close and began to slit my throat.

No.  Fuck that.  I needed to find him.  Make sure he was dead.  Grunting, I pushed myself to my feet and started toward the front of the car.

It wound up being easy.  The engine was dead, but the headlights were still going, and in their glow I could see where he’d been thrown against another tree a few feet further ahead.  His body was bent backward at an unnatural angle, but I still needed to check.  I needed to be sure before I turned my back on him.

When I got closer I picked up a stick, using it to poke him with no reaction.  His neck looked broken and his head was misshaped from hitting the tree, but it was hard to tell how bad he was hurt in the shadows from the headlights.  I stayed tensed and ready for any sudden attack as I bent down and grabbed his arm.  It was limp and lifeless, and when I pushed back the sleeve of his coat and felt his wrist, there was no sign of a pulse in that pale, wet skin.

But there was something else there.  The edge of a marking…some kind of tattoo maybe.  I should have been too afraid to do anything but leave, but something wouldn’t let me.  Instead I pushed up his sleeve further and saw the black words that ran all the way up his arm.

Not just words, but names.  The names of people, one after another, coiling around his forearm in a tight spiral like the scales of a snake.  All of them connected by a red line that ran through them like a thread of blood, all but the last one, the freshest one, just below his wrist.

*Travis Stanhope*

“Yes, you see now, don’t you?”

I let go of him and jumped back as I found his face shining up at me from the dark.  He was alive, alive and laughing as his head pulled itself back into shape and his neck straightened from its deadly angle.    It was impossible.  I just needed to get away and…

“Don’t run, boy.  You’ve seen enough to know it won’t go well for you I think.  And you’re not a stupid boy, are you?”

Shuddering, I shook my head.  “No, I’m not.  But I don’t want to die, either.”

He chuckled as he pushed himself up against the tree.  “Few do, not that it matters in the end.  But maybe you don’t die yet, eh?  Maybe you want a chance to put some bad luck on someone more deserving.”

Czern stood up suddenly, and I resisted the urge to run again, if just barely.  There was no sign of his knife now, just the pale, black-haired man in the storm, looking three times bigger, or maybe just making me feel three times as small.  He studied me a second, his mouth working again as though he was chewing over a rough bit of gristle or bone.  After a moment he reached up and pulled something from his lips.  Two somethings actually.

A pair of black iron nails.

**** 

I didn’t hesitate as I gripped Ella’s hand tighter and drug the second nail across the back of her wrist.  She gasped with surprise and pain, yanking free even as I saw a thin line of blood begin to well on her perfect skin.  Eyes wide, she looked at the scratch and then at me.

“What the fuck?”

I didn’t bother smiling this time.  “He told me I had a choice.  Either he would take me or two others in my place.  Two others of my choosing, so long as I marked them before two days passed.  The first one was easy.  Dad was passed out when I finally made it home.  He never even felt it.”  I put the nail back in my pocket.  “But you?  You were always unreliable.”

Her face began to darken with anger.  “Look, Travis.  I don’t know what your fucking problem is, but you need help, all right?  I’m sorry for everything that happened, but this…I mean I’m going to have to get a fucking tetanus shot or something.  And so help me, if you ever…”

I leaned across the table, my voice barely above a hiss.  “You’re sorry?  You’re fucking *sorry*?  It’s all your fault!”

Ella was already shaking her head.  “No.  Bullshit, no.  Bryan was sick.  We just didn’t know how bad…”

Stabbing my finger at her, I cut her off.  “He knew you were cheating on him.  That you were going to dump him.  He told me about it.  And then you did, and he killed himself.”

Her mouth was hanging open now.  “What…no, what’re you talking about?  I didn’t break up with him.”

I snarled at her.  “Liar.  He texted me that night.  He must have already been in the bathroom, but I didn’t see it until later.  Until…it was all over.”  I could hear my voice growing thick, but I didn’t care.  “He texted me that you had ended it.  That you’d admitted to running around.  And that he was sorry.”

Ella was crying now too, but I knew it wasn’t for Bryan.  It was for herself.  Her precious guilt she needed to hide away so she could pretend she wasn’t to blame.  “I…it was complex.  Trav, I know he was your big brother and all, but he wasn’t perfect and…”

**** 

I blinked away rain as Czern offered me the nails.  “What do I do with these?”

He waved the nails as though for me to take them, and only when I had did he answer.  “You mark two others to take your place.  Just a scratch will do.  If you do, you will not see me again.  If you do not, you will.  Either way, two days from now, your part will be done and I will be fed…”  He chuckled.  “At least for a time.”

I wanted to make excuses for what I was seeing, for what he was saying, but there was none.  For some reason I didn’t doubt his word and I didn’t question his ability to do exactly what he said he would.  But I was still terrified and unsure of what I was really agreeing to or with what.

“Who are you?  Really?”

He grinned at me.  “Call me Czernobog or Scotus.  Rapture or the Eater of Saints.  They’re all just names stupid apes call out when they want to name something in the dark.”  Leaning down, he brought his face close to mine.  I could smell the same things he’d told me back on the road.  Blood.  And anger.  And death.  “Or maybe I’m none of those things.  Maybe I’m just a mirror you found on the side of the road.”

****

“He was the one that protected her.”

Ella stopped, looking surprised.  “What?”

I glared at her.  “Our mom.  He was the reason Dad didn’t hit her more.  Bryan had kept him off her and me for years.  When he died…things got worse.”    Lowering my eyes, I forced myself to go on.  “I was at school and wrapped up in my own pain and…and I was afraid of him.  So I ignored it.  And then he broke her.”  I met her eyes.  “Just like you broke Bryan.”

Standing up from the table, Ella wiped at her face.  “It’s not my fault your crazy fucking brother killed himself, or that your alky daddy beat up your mom.  And it’s not my fault that you’re crazy too.  You just…I don’t ever want to see you again.”  With that, she turned and ran out of the diner.

Reaching down, I patted my pocket.  The nails shifted under my fingers, and then they were gone.   Looking out to where Ella was getting in her car, I didn’t mind the chill in my heart or the hatred in the smile on my face.

[“Don’t worry.  You won’t.”](https://redd.it/9ndww5)I enjoy hiking in our national park, the landscape it’s just beautiful, a green lung in our grey city. However, due to my recent discovery, I am a bit more scared from time to time while hiking in this woods.
A couple of days prior to writing this, I took my usual route from the parks parking area and headed towards its other entry point. The park is relatively big, and it has a lot of things that can be seen, for example, there is a huge lake with a birdwatch tower, an army camp, a farm with cattle, and some old bunkers that are scattered through the park. 

Last week I took a usual route that passes by the lake, at some point I came to a usual crossroad where the dirt path meets a more modern asphalt road that is made for the bikers and forestry department to use for navigating in the forest. I continued on my right where after a couple of meters the asphalt road branches into two tracks. One dirt path going uphill and around a small hill that is situated in the middle of the park and the other is the fresh asphalt that goes around the lake back to the main parking lot. But before the branching I noticed something that I haven’t noticed for my time coming to this park.

On my left there was a small barely visible path that lead into the wooden treeline that surrounds the road. I stared at it and decide to approach it, and to my surprise, it was indeed a hidden path. It looked as if it was recently used, this is mainly due to the floral patches that were smudged and pressed as if someone walked through here, but again this is a national and public park it’s not a surprise for something like this to be discovered by someone else before me. As I walked the enclosed by trees and foliage path, I was lead to a small opening where the road continued on my left and right. The left path had some old benches and monkey bars and if you were to continue there was a big circular opening with pine trees surrounding it. 

“That’s odd” I thought to myself, I’ve been hiking and exploring this park for nearly two years now and I have never heard of such a place.

I took some time to capture some shots with my phone camera and then spent some time just strolling around forgotten monkey bars and benches, taking some more pictures.
Then I sat on one of the wooden benches and began scrolling through the pictures that I took so far. After some scrolling and deleting pictures I was ready to leave the area and head to the other direction that I haven’t explored yet. But as soon as I got up my yes caught a square black thing near the left foot of the bench. Upon closer investigation I noticed it was an SD card, and even more surprisingly it was an 8 GB one.

I always appreciate finding things that can store other things, such as USB flashes, SD cards or even old CDs that can be cleaned and repurposed. However, I cannot lie that I am kind of a sucker for finding old stuff that may have something hidden inside them, and the pure thought of it kind excites me. 
But I know that not everything in this world is rosy and clean. I had heard stories before of USB’s flashes that containing viruses and other dark secrets that no one should learn about. Now I am aware of such risks this is why whenever I find an old USB or anything that may contain information I use an old laptop that I have in order to keep myself safe from anything dangerous.

I took the SD card and decided to leave the park earlier this day. On my way back through the old foliage my foot was caught on something causing me to fall to the ground. I grunted as I stood up and took a glimpse behind me seeing the shiny padlock that emerged from the scattered leafs.
I went over it and with my feet I managed to kick some of the foliage and saw that a metal hatch was hidden underneath them. Upon closer investigation the hatches lid seemed rusted and old compared to the padlock that was holding it shut. Behind the hatch slightly deeper into behind some young pine trees there was an enormous pile of leaves and branches was situated next to them a small metal plaque was situated with the following description.
“NE73, Forestry Department”


Now, I’m aware of old structures being scattered around the forest. Such as the bunkers previously mentioned, so perhaps this was some form of shelter by the forestry department or some old storage that in case of fire or something else it could be used accordingly. I dismissed the whole thing however I did take some photos simply because It was another find after all.
When I came home I immediately rushed to my room and took the old laptop out of my closet, plugged it in and let it turn on. Since its about 5 years old and probably infected with a couple of malware it does take a couple of minutes to fully load, so meanwhile I searched for a SD adaptor and prepared myself a nice cup of warm coffee.
The time had finally arrived, I sat on my desk SD plugged in and loading. Before entering the folder, I was shocked on how much space this thing had left, the bar indicating the capacity was easily over half full. Now this was getting more interesting.  I clicked on the icon and a massive “Camera” folder came up.

I opened the file and it was full with videos and camera footage, I opened the first picture and began scrolling through them hoping to find some more information on who perhaps this camera belongs to. Most of the shots were of mountains, sea and other landscapes and some of them were of portraits and close ups of different people. They were of amazing quality, really the man who must have owned this camera had to be talented.
After about 10 minutes of scrolling I was near the end of the folder’s contents. 

And this Is where things become scary. I reached a strange picture of a man in camo clothes and a cap entering the very same spot I entered today.  I only managed to recognise the spot by the asphalt road and the surrounding landscape, it seems the picture was taken from afar and some foliage covering the lens indicate that perhaps the photographer was hidden somewhere. 
The next pictures were on the same spot but this time the man exiting the area, the photographer tried to take some closer pictures of his face but it was barely visible. He seemed quite bulky and had a short black beard but the rest of his facial expressions were hidden from his soldier cap and black sunglasses. The following images however were more disturbing.

There were shots of the very same path I took today, and even more strange some close-up pictures of the hatch I tripped on. Although so far things seemed quite strange and odd, it wasn’t until the video that began playing after I pressed next. I so far I skipped any video that was in that folder, but thinking it might have to do with the hatch I let it play. The video showed the photographer with a bolt cutter cutting the padlock and opening the hatch. As soon as he did I saw him immediately cursing and covering his mouth with his arm as if a smell hit him immediately. 

While turning around to pick the camera for a moment I saw his face, I immediately paused the video and took a good luck at him. 
“Why do I have this strange feeling that I have seen him before “, he had long brown hair wore a dark green beanie, he had a goatee beard and bush moustache and a piercing in his right year. I print screened the shot and kept it until the video ends, thought about making a reverse image search afterwards or something like that maybe post it in some photography groups I am part off maybe someone can identify him but I’m sure I did see his face somewhere.

The video resumed and the man picked up his camera and began climbing a ladder, descending into the hole, the camera was shaking and blurred as it wasn’t adjusted to the darkness. The man began cursing and breathing heavily meanwhile trying to keep the camera in his hands while holding the ladder. His steps finally met the ground, and they echoed in the tight space.

He turned to point to something but as soon as his flash made contact, he almost screamed in shock. Now to me I only saw a dark smudge on what I presumably thought it was the floor, but to him it must have been something horrifying. I was very creeped by the situation, I was hearing his voice trembling with fear and the camera shook so much that it was nauseating to watch. I heard his vomit echo in the darkness and the camera keep being out of focus, he began sobbing I almost wanted to close this video and just delete the whole folder, but something was off about the whole deal.

After about 2 minutes of indescribable content, he tried adjusting the camera to finally get a glimpse on what he was seeing.
“Ok Anthony, Ok, keep it cool its fine take some pictures and get out.”, I heard his trembling voice through my speakers. The sensation was dreadful, as the uneasiness began crippling over me, more than 5 minutes ago I was watching beautiful scenery and landscape pictures and all of sudden I am hit with this thing, some form of exploration horror or found footage mystery.

The man I know now as Anthony, finally adjusted his camera to a blurry focus to a clearer view. The camera was facing his shoes and then slowly panned to the direction of what he was staring at this whole time. My stomach began to turn and I remember my heart beginning to beat from anxiety as the view footage became more and more clear. Despite his shaking hands making the video nauseating I could very well see a shape of a body wrapped in some form of garbage bag and wrapped in duct tape placed on the concrete floor next to an old wooden table. Near the body there were some leftover rolls of the very same tape along with some dark spots on the concrete floor, presumably blood. 

Anthony began to approach the body, and this is where my heart began beating even faster. The whole situation was unnerving, having a camera with a flashlight only pointing to something so morbid and even worse going near it was the perfect recipe for a horror cliché. I expected the body to jump or something like that but that never happened, what did happen however was something else. 

The sobbing became more clear but a something echoed in his voice through them, a name I thought but initially I dismissed it. However, when Anthony ripped the bag where the head must have been, I was frozen. An almost decaying face of a young woman was visible, her lips were blue and cracked her skin pale and rotting in places near the eyes and mouth, her once red hair must have flown widely in the air only to be encapsulated and decay in a plastic bag placed in a forgotten bunker underground.

The man began sobbing more and more repeating the name finally this time more loudly. 
“Martha, oh Martha, Oh God please help me!” Anthony then began sniffing as if he was getting his mind back on track, he began ascending the ladder and as he left the hatch a grumpy voice was heard from his left, as if someone yelled at him to stop, but Anthony began running.

The final minutes Anthony was shown facing the camera and fumbling before the video finally ending, and for a brief moment I saw the one monkey bars the very same ones I saw earlier today where I found the SD.
After the horrific video, I immediately removed the SD, and sat back staring at the monitor letting all things I saw sink in. Maybe after an hour before writing this, I searched his face using the print screen I made while watching the video and used his name and some other tags and to my surprise I did found out something.

Now it made it more clear why I think I had saw his face earlier. There was a clip from a news broadcast about maybe less than a month ago showing his name and face, “Anthony Leigh, a photographer that is currently missing, his last whereabouts were in St. Thomas National Park, police are currently investigating any leads. Further on the topic his fiancé Martha Leigh is still missing for the past month now and no whereabouts for her had come to the surface.” 

I will go to the police later this day showing them the SD card hoping to help catch the dirty bastard behind all these. But before I do, I am planning to copy the data, who knows, maybe there is something else I didn’t notice before, furthermore I haven’t seen more about the couple or who they are as my research wasn’t very extensive but I might post any updates I might learn in the future.
 I am still shaken from this whole deal however but somewhat and I am glad that I came upon this, cause maybe at least now these two poor souls may have a chance of hope for resting in peace as they should.Earlier Rounds: [I](https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/lng495/the_choice_experiment_is_there_a_purpose_to_free/), [II](https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/lo8lvu/the_choice_experiment_memories_can_and_will_be/), [III](https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/lppuvb/the_choice_experiment_shared_pain_can/), [IV](https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/lufxxk/the_choice_experiment_more_knowledge_does_not/)

*Final round*

Five rounds. I was there for five rounds of an experiment that we never understood. We conducted tasks that were supposed to be tailored to our person but all they did was freak us out. Shouldn't something that is so perfectly matched to your identity evoke feelings of belonging instead of dread? On each day that we stayed, we were asked to make one decision. We were presented with options that made us feel hope, the most horrible feeling of them all. Because our hope was hollow, nothing we decided mattered.

I made four arbitrary choices, Simon even more. Sometimes we would receive the option we picked, often we wouldn't. Still, we kept making them, hoping we would get what we asked for. They never listened to us though, someone else picked.

When you are asked to consciously make a decision, it seems clear that you will also perceive the consequences. That the choice matters because if it doesn't then why make it at all?

Why, to toy with your perception of free will of course. Everything we did in here was determined. Nothing we chose mattered one bit.

Or I suppose they did matter in some way, only not for us. I was only a side character. We all were.

\--

Scrub came in with only one tray of breakfast. Simon and I exchanged a look. This had to mean something. Scrub didn't tell us what though. He placed the tray and went outside, leaving the door open. When he disappeared, the researcher walked inside.

Her state was as calm and serious as always but I could tell that something was different. The air was tense and when I looked at her hand I saw that she was shaking only a bit. Almost unnoticeable.

"Are you going to tell us the results of last day's choice?" Simon finally asked.

She shrugged.

"I don't know."

I raised an eyebrow. Of course, she didn't know if this experiment was double-blind but this time I could hear the desperation in her voice.

"I don't know because nothing you chose mattered."

"No shit," Simon laughed.

“Nothing I did matter either".

The researcher took a breath, her hands were dug deep into the pockets of her lab coat. Until this point, she somehow seemed normal but as she said those following words she felt entirely exchanged. She spoke in a similar way as she did when I met her for the first time. It almost seemed as if she was reading off a script.

"You were in the control group, although I suppose it might not be the correct term in this context. But then again our research ethics differ quite massively, don't they? None of your choices ever mattered. Somebody else was making them for you. We wanted you to believe in the illusion that you somehow were in charge. And it did affect you significantly, don't you agree?"

She said those words so monotonously and dry, even though she was asking questions it didn't seem as if she was expecting an answer.

I swallowed. Simon and I both stayed silent. Why was she telling us all that? It only made sense if the experiment was over. Or if they'd made the choice to never let us leave again.

It was one of the two options after all.

***Two of the participants in this experiment will definitely never leave.***

"Fuck," I whispered.

"Yeah you can say that again," Simon added.

The more surprising her following words were to both of us.

"Simon, you may leave the experiment and the building now. Your corresponding partner made that decision for you," she finally spoke with no emotion to her voice.

Simon stared at me with wide eyes. I don't think he believed that any of it could be true, but he still couldn't hide the shimmer of hope in his eye.

"What about Max?" He asked and I had to smile. Just the other night he tried to kill me and suddenly we felt so close that he was worried about me. Torture can really bring you together.

"We must go now."

Simon got up, he opened his mouth as if he wanted to say something else but I shook my head. I suppose we both didn't believe they would really let him go but for the tiny chance that they might, he needed to follow. He had to go.

"Wait in the hallway," she instructed him. Then she turned towards me, and said something that finally made this whole mess make sense even if it scrambled things up even more.

"It was her. She made the decisions for you. You know who I'm talking about right?"

I nodded.

That was it. I didn't see Simon again. I didn't see the researcher again either but she did turn around one last time before leaving the room.

"You didn't make the choices but it doesn't mean they didn't matter. They fulfilled a purpose."

She smiled. And it really seemed sincere this time. I almost felt as if this researcher was not the villain.

"What do you-" I tried to say but she was already gone. I heard a heavy door shut seconds later.

I'd never heard a door shut before, at least not this loudly. Something seemed different and then I realized what she'd done.

My door wasn't locked. She hadn't closed it behind her.

\--

For the first time in days, I left this room. I found myself in a long hallway with many doors just like mine.

Unexpectedly most of them were open. I peeked inside rooms that looked just like mine but there were no people inside. I quickly walked to the thick iron door at the end of the hallway, the one Simon and the researcher must have walked through but of course, it was locked so I went to check the different rooms.

Five of them seemed to be perfectly ordinary as far as you can call anything in here ordinary. Then there were two rooms that were the complete opposite. The one next to my room was wide open. The furniture was just like mine but the walls were what freaked me out. Someone had drawn signs that I could not identify on the wall and the word DIE. All in what I could only assume was blood.

I stumbled back, my heart racing and my stomach was turning. At this point, I didn't even want to look through the other doors but I knew I had to. The researcher left my door open for a reason. I knew that and for some insane reason, I trusted her. When I opened the next door, it seemed normal at first but at the same time, it didn't. I just couldn't say why. I gazed through the small room with blank walls. I looked to the left where I saw the same bed as mine and the desk- and then I realized why this place looked so different.

It was entirely inverted. All other rooms had the same interior design, with the desk and bed on the right and the bathroom door on the left side.

This couldn't have been a coincidence.

I looked under the bed and on the desk but I didn't find any clues until I opened the bathroom door.

"Hey, Maxie."

I heard her voice and I heard her giggling but I didn't see her. I didn't see much at all.

A part of me wanted to turn around and run but I had to be brave. Besides, there was nowhere to run.

I hadn't opened the door to a bathroom. This room was much bigger and darker. There was hardly any light except for one screen on the opposite wall. A screen that I can only assume was showing live footage of my room.

"Lucia?" I whispered. I carefully took a step into the room. My heart was racing like never before. The person I felt most terrified of inside this hell, was the one I used to call my best friend. The one I believed I had killed. Or someone made me believe that.

The door shut behind me, draining the room in more darkness. I quickly turned around and that's when I saw her. In the dim light, all I saw were her big grin and the white of her eyes.

"You found me!" She shouted. "Did you like the adventure?"

I didn't know what to say. What the hell do you say in a moment like that. I wanted to scream. I wished Simon was here with me or the researcher or even Scrub. I felt so terrified I thought I'd throw up.

"I didn't die, Maxie. I went to the place we always wanted to go," she whispered. She was speaking like a child.

"What place?" I finally asked.

"You know what place, we watched it all the time. You should've come with me then! Instead of everyone thinking you brutally murdered me. You made the wrong choice!" She was almost shouting now.

"What choice? What the hell are you talking about? You ruined my fucking life you psycho bitch," I had definitely lost my cool but I did gain some confidence back.

"You were pathetic, Max. It was so easy and you were a coward. Do you wanna see it?"

"See what?"

She laughed.

"Our almost episode."

She grabbed my arm, her nails were digging deep inside my flesh, and then she turned me towards the screen.

The footage of my room was gone. For a second it turned black and then purple and green. Deep colors that looked as if they shouldn't exist.

**Max and Lucia's** ***almost*** **adventure club**

It appeared like an old tape recording. The colors were supported by an odd melody. One that felt strangely familiar.

The moment had come. I would finally see what happened on the day that Lucia disappeared. I realized from the first frame that it was that specific day. We were dressed just the same as in the picture that the researcher gave me. I wore that green sweater that they took away from me to identify the blood on it.

We were standing on the cliff near the forest. I could see trees in the background. But Lucia and I weren't alone. There were at least two other people. One tall man dressed in a purple suit and a hat. And whoever was standing behind the camera.

I couldn't see the man's face as the camera person stood behind him but Lucia and I were both in the picture. We were looking at him with big eyes, completely mesmerized. Somehow we almost appeared like little children but we were already teenagers then.

"Well, well, well, I've heard that two little birds want to become true adventurers, is that correct?" He said in a melodic voice.

Lucia nodded enthusiastically, my young version's face twitched for a second. I didn't remember any of this. The only logical explanation to me was that we were somehow hypnotized.

"Then we should put you to the test, I suppose? We only want the most loyal adventurers after all! Maxy, Maxy, Maxy. How about you prove yourself first? Make little Lucia fly like the bird she wants to be!"

He made a movement with his hands acting like he was pushing someone over the edge. Lucia looked at me and nodded. For a second it appeared as if I was really going to push her.

But that couldn't be true, she was standing in this room with me.

Young me put his hands over her shoulders but then his face twitched again and he took a step back. *I* took a step back and fell behind to the ground.

"I suppose Max made his choice. What about you Lucia?"

“Do you want me to push him?” she said with glee.

The man shook his head.

“Max doesn’t want to fly. He wants to run. So let’s make him run forever!” he screamed.

“Yes!” I couldn’t hear what he said next but he handed Lucia a knife.

Without hesitating, she cut into her hand and started rubbing it on my young self. The whole time I stood here stiff and hollow.

"Now run, little bird. We will find you again soon!" He laughed loudly and Lucia joined in. My young version started running towards the forest and that's when the tape stopped.

"See what happens when you make decisions for yourself? They never matter. Your life went horribly. But it's not over, Max. You can join us. You can be one of us. We can be best friends again," she squeezed my hand. "You don't need to be a subject, some participant, you can make real decisions. What do you think?"

“To help you harvest organs? Torture innocent people? Why would I want that?” I shouted. My fear had turned into anger.

She shrugged.

“To finally matter.”

\-

My last moment of choice was the one I had before I left. But if you paid attention, you know that it in fact was not my final choice but my first one. Or second, technically.

This time, the choice I made was carried out. Possibly it was arbitrary but somehow this choice, felt like the first one I really made myself. And it felt far more bitter than I'd imagined.

I didn't run away or escape, I wasn't rescued. The doors were opened and they let me leave. It wasn't the researcher who showed me out but Scrub. He stayed silent the entire time. I suppose Scrub was always just a tool and I wondered if the researcher was too.

I had lost all sense of orientation and while inside I felt sure that I had to be somewhere in the middle of nowhere. There were moments where I entirely forgot an outside world existed. When the first beams of light hit my face I was sure I would go blind after not seeing anything but fluorescent light. I had to ignore my senses however and leave as fast as I could before they realized they had made some sort of mistake.

So I simply started running and froze when I suddenly was surprised by the loudest horn if ever heard.

My heart started racing and I thought I'd break down on the spot and never getaway. The fear was overwhelming until I realized where that sound had come from.

I ran right towards a busy street and a car had to brake sharply in front of me not to hit me. Slowly I came to my senses and realized I was in the middle of the city. I had just come out of a regular-looking building. People started approaching me because of how distressed I must have looked. I was a mess.

Finally, I went to the sidewalk and asked the first person I saw to help me and call the police.

I was scared to admit to myself that the fear was slowly turning into relief. But it couldn't be this easy, could it?

Well, no, of course not. I had just come out of a regular research facility. They had a signed paper in which I agreed to participate in a study. I told them I wanted to leave but those people wouldn't let me but there was no proof of what I was saying. I looked like a mess while every single other participant the authorities talked to assured them how fine and normal that study was. Everyone but me was on the same story. Of course, those people weren't the ones I saw. Not the ones being tortured. There was no sign of them.

\-

I will not actively look for Lucia because that girl is in no way the one I knew as a child. Maybe there is a chance to save her but is that even something I can do if it's not what she wants? Can I make that decision for her?

Right now, I need to unscramble my mind which will not be easy. And then I need to look for the ones that might be as confused and perplexed as I am, and angry enough to look for a change. For starters, there is Simon who I have some information on, even if it's little. He was freed as well and must be somewhere. Maybe he will look for me as well. Then there is the researcher who started off as my enemy but radiates far more trust than I imagined. She clearly is an important puzzle piece.

And lastly, [there are the adventures.](https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/gc9fxy/i_was_the_star_of_dr_warlys_adventure_club_a/) The ones that Lucia and I watched as children. Something happened when we watched them, clearly, they are a crucial factor.

It was the day of the final round but this was not even close to being over. This was only my beginning.

I survived the experiment but I never escaped it. Because even after getting a new phone and running as far as I could, they did not appreciate that I tried to snitch. And they weren't happy that I was trying to make some decisions for my future.

It was the last thing they made sure I knew in the anonymous text they sent.

[You made the wrong choice :)](https://www.reddit.com/r/Likeeyedid/comments/m46pce/dont_read_before_finishing_the_choice_experiment/)

&#x200B;

[tcc](https://www.reddit.com/r/TheCrypticCompendium/)  

I suppose anyone would say that the car accident that killed their wife was the worst thing that ever happened to them. Like her or not, it’s dreadful. But for me, that day truly was the most terrible one I’ve ever lived. It’s like it sent shock-waves throughout the rest of my future; I still feel them now and the impact they’ve had on my life.

My children were in the car too, my 9-year-old daughter, Martha, and my 7-year-old son, Dorian. They screamed for me as I crawled out of my seat, guttural, terrified screams I would hear in my sleep for years. A fire had started near our mangled car. I knew I didn’t have long. I could get one of them out safely, both were risky. I began to choose. That’s where the problem started.

I know how terrible that sounds. Trust me, I’ve hated myself for it since, but I actually considered which one of my children I’d rather save. Martha was my first thought. I didn’t have a favourite child exactly, but she was a miracle baby, the one we were told we could never have, the one who had fought so hard to be here. I had the decency to feel terrible about those thoughts and just decided to risk it. I grabbed both of them and ran.

\*

Dorian wouldn’t talk afterwards. My mother said it was only natural. He was young, the accident was traumatic. He’d lost his mother, for God’s sake. She convinced me to send him to a child psychologist. I don’t know exactly what went on in there. She just said he wouldn’t talk, that he just sat staring at the wall and hitting his knee. He drew often. Always the same picture. Me, him, Martha, and his mother. But he always drew himself away from us, smaller than the rest of us. Sometimes, when we got home, he’d pick up one of the drawings and scribble me out with a black crayon, looking at me right in the eyes as he did it.

It was like Dorian knew what I’d thought that day. Like he knew I’d almost let him die.

His attitude towards me changed. He’d fight to get out of my arms, drawing blood occasionally in a way a child of his age shouldn’t have been able to. He’d throw things, break glass, and leave it when I walked barefoot. I’d wake up some nights, feeling watched, to find him standing at the end of my bed. I couldn’t move when he did that. I couldn’t even talk. And then he’d turn away, go back to bed, and the sensation would go with him.

Dorian took it out on Martha too. Her toys would turn up broken, her homework would go missing, she would wake up with bruises and bite marks. I tried not to shout at him, but that was too far. He took it silently and when I left him in time out, I swear I could feel his eyes burning into me. It was more than just a feeling. If I checked, I would find burn marks on my back. After a while, I stopped looking.

It sounds ridiculous to say it – he was only seven after all – but a part of me was terrified of what he could do. It was like an instinct. I didn’t always *know* that when bad things happened, it was Dorian’s fault, but I felt it. I tried to make it right, to talk to him, to help, but he’d always turn away and things would only get worse.

\*

A few weeks before Dorian’s eighth birthday, I woke up in the middle of the night. Goosebumps prickled my skin, even though it was a summer’s night.  My bedroom seemed darker than usual and more oppressive somehow. My blanket was wrapped tightly around me like a vice. In the seconds it took for me to come around fully, I noticed that it was 3 am on the dot. There was a noise coming from down the hall, a repetitive thumping. It was consistent, not even a pause. It sounded like a trapped animal or something similar. Hauling myself out of bed, I figured I had better go and investigate, if only to put the poor thing out of its misery.

Our house was old, and you pretty much could not walk anywhere without the floorboards creaking. There was one in particular on the landing that was obnoxiously loud. Usually, I avoided it like the plague, but with vestiges of a deep sleep still clouding my mind, I stepped on it. The thumping noise stopped immediately. I paused, hardly daring to breathe. The hairs on the back of my neck rose as my eyes fell on Martha’s bedroom door. It was ajar, and from inside, there was a small whimper, like a dying animal giving one last cry for help. I moved slowly towards her bedroom, hoping that I was just hearing things. But as I got closer, I heard something that froze me where I stood. Running footsteps, light as a child’s, and the sound of something being dragged across the floor. 

I threw the door open and clicked on the light. The scene I found was seared on my brain for hours afterwards, days even. I would replay it over and over again as I spoke to the police, as I cried on my mother’s shoulder. 

Martha’s bedsheets were in disarray, like she’d left them in a hurry. The window was wide open, letting in a wind that blew her curtains violently around. There was blood everywhere. A massive pool of it lay at the foot of her bed and splatters had caught the duvet, the walls, the ceilings. Everything. 

When I screamed, it didn’t even sound human.

I ran across to Dorian’s room and opened his door in a rush. But a part of me knew he wouldn’t be in there. He was gone. Vanished with nothing but the clothes on his back and his sister’s body.

The police didn’t believe that he’d done it. Why would they? He was only seven. Kids his age can’t even walk themselves to school. But they’d never seen the look in my son’s eyes. The burning hatred, the power that I didn’t understand, lying dormant until he felt ready to use it. I’d seen it the day I’d saved him from the wreck of our car. He had read my mind. He knew what I’d almost done. I’ll never truly know what Dorian is capable of or why, but I have a horrible feeling that someday I’ll find out.

\*

I went to prison for my daughter’s murder, as I knew I would. I felt like I deserved it anyway; I should have saved her while I had the chance. The police found her in the woods six miles from our house. I never saw the body, but rumour has it one of the officers was sick at the sight of it. Another quit a week later.

That was years ago now. I’m out and far away from the town where I raised my children. No one has seen Dorian since that night. The police found nothing but a trail of dead deer a few feet from Martha’s body. They chalked it up to another animal; I knew it was something far more dangerous.

He’ll be back soon, I have no doubt about that. I haven’t seen him, but I’ve heard things. The thumping from that night. I hear it outside my bedroom window sometimes. Bump. Bump. Bump. No pause, no break, just the occasional whimper.

The morning after, there’s always a body on my doorstep. It’s only been animals so far, but I’m not a fool. He’s still angry. With a kid like him, the anger only grows. It’ll be me out there one day. Mark my words.*A year ago, I was kidnapped by fans of my dad’s book. This is my experience.* 

\-

It’s not that I hated books.

In fact, it was quite the opposite. What was there to hate? The ability to completely ignore reality and delve into fantasy worlds where you could be any character, whether that's a human, or supernatural creature, even an animal. There are multiple perspectives, different worlds, planets, universes. Anything was better than real life. That's what I loved about books. I could be anyone and do anything. Books were a doorway into a different world. They were the muse of an author’s creativity. 

Now, let me tell you about my father’s books. They’re not very popular these days, so you probably haven’t heard of them. Though somehow they developed a cult following by my generation.

The book was called Seventeen.

Think of Harry Potter mixed with Junior Criminal minds, maybe with some Percy Jackson thrown in.  Kids who read it in middle school grew up with the characters who started as kids themselves, both the readers and characters slowly blossoming into older kids, and then teenagers. It wasn't original. The plot had been done a million times before, in many aspects of media. So why was it so successful?

I was six years old when the book had been published, and my father’s book made its rounds.

They called him the next JK. Rowling with book sales sky rocketing. 

I had been too young to understand the book.  Though it was the generic plot of four kids with magical abilities. The epitome of originality. I vaguely remembered being forced into my best clothes and walking the red carpet, hand in hand with my dad, blinded by the flash of paparazzi cameras. 

There’s still footage of me going on live television and sitting on my dad's knee while a grinning woman clutched a copy of Seventeen, eagerly shooting questions at the two of us.

"So, Cole!" The presenter had beamed, and I had shrunk back, tears welling my eyes. I really didn’t want to be there. "How does it feel to be the son of a famous author?"

"Good." I had managed to reply, and the audience had laughed and awed.

I didn't know what to say. I was six, after all, and was only aware of my life changing drastically. 

Suddenly my family were no longer stuck in tiny hotel rooms with peeling paint and floral wallpaper, which had been quite a squeeze for me, my father, my mother, and my sister Maria. 

In the blink of an eye I had my own room in a four story house with a swimming pool. 

Seventeen was the source of my dad’s success, raking in cash he could only dream of beforehand. 

Except it was never finished. 

I was fourteen when the book went into official hiatus. Though I expected it. Seventeen had killed my father’s spirit. I had wandered into dad's office numerous times as I’d grown up, and he was a shell of the man he used to be, greasy overgrown hair and pallid skin. He barely ate. The evidence came in plates of untouched mac and cheese coagulating next to empty coffee mugs. 

There he'd be, vigorously typing on his laptop. 

I had gotten used to seeing him slam down the backspace key. His desk would be cluttered with old dusty copies of Seventeen, letters from his publisher covered in warning red ink. 

But I never commented on them. 

After months of being cooped up in his bedroom, my dad had finally emerged one morning, armed with his laptop, holding a suitcase. He had reminded me of a zombie, vacant eyes and yellow skin. 

He'd been in the same clothes for weeks, they hung off him, stained and wrinkled.

"I'm leaving." I remember dad saying when I was eight, and mom had said nothing. Only bidding him a sarcastic goodbye. I didn't run after him, begging him to stay, because he hadn't been a father to me in years. His real kids were his characters. Sia and her band of mismatched teenage misfits. 

That was the last time I saw my dad. It was obvious his disappearance was intentional. Dad wanted to get away from the crazy fans and the demand for an ending he didn’t even have. 

Dad didn’t want to be found. And thankfully, the world forgot about him. 

His fans however, didn’t. 

On the day my father’s past came to bite me on the ass, I had a headache that wouldn’t go away. 

"I don't get it," My colleague Olivia plucked the first Seventeen book from the Young Adult section and set it down on the counter, tracing the cover with pastel coloured fingernails, her lips curling into a frown. I had been staring at the book for far too long, and the girl had finally noticed. The cover was eye catching, I had to admit that; the four main characters behind a mirror, with matching inquisitive expression's, a blur of hair colours clashing together. I wasn’t a fan of dads books, sure. But the illustrations always caught my eye. It was some pretty dope art that dad never really appreciated. 

The main character’s hair billowed around her in a golden hurricane. 

I straightened up when Olivia turned to me with a quizzical smile. "You're the son of one of the most famous authors in the world, and you're working in a rundown book store?"

Shooting her a look, I curled my lip. “I wouldn’t say he’s famous anymore.”

I had half a mind to grab the book off of the girl, but Olivia had a wicked grip. I considered her question. 

My family were pretty much set for life thanks to Seventeen, so why did I insist on working a twelve hour shift in a book shop? I figured some subconscious part of me wanted to be near dad’s books, but really, I just wanted to be as normal as possible. I shuffled uncomfortably in the itchy polo shirt bearing the anthropomorphic grinning book stitched to my chest. It was warm for April, and I had already sweated my way through two work shirts. Moira’s Reads was an old book store sitting on the edge of my town and had barely any customers. The place smelled of ancient books and dust, and Olivia Russo, a local cheerleader, was my only company. But it was nice. I liked working at the book store. 

Olivia inclined her head.  "Really? You still haven’t answered my question though. Why here?”

I shrugged, leaning against the counter and running my hand through my dark hair, shifting the hat on my head. “It’s peaceful.”

The store itself was tiny, packed with bookshelves with every book you could imagine. The walls were covered in peeling paint and there was a display of Seventeen books in the front window. But it was quiet. Thankfully, the demographic of customers was 65+ and I only had to deal with old people asking for questionable titles. It was like working at the library.

Outside, the sun was sitting in the middle of a cornflower coloured sky. I longed to be out in the haze, sitting in the park with my laptop, finishing my own novel. Unlike my dad’s books, my book was not Young Adult. Instead, it was a fictional exaggeration of my home town, where nothing interesting ever happened. So of course I added a plot that was completely ludicrous. It was a great distraction.

"Cole?" Olivia waved her hand in front of my face and I wafted it away.

I was daydreaming again. I often found myself being enveloped inside my own imagination, clawing at a good twist that would take the reader by surprise. 

"I'm trying to have a decent talk with you and you're zoning out!" 

“Uh-huh.” It was hard to keep my eyes open, especially in the heat. I was not expecting an April heatwave. 

And besides, all Olivia talked about was herself. Shockingly. She was the single most narcissistic person I had ever met. Olivia wore the same light blue polo shirt, but somehow it looked perfect on her. Everything did. She was the type of girl who could perfect any outfit, even a trash bag.

Olivia Russo was tall with pale skin and strawberry blonde hair pulled into a ponytail trickling down her back. Every guy at school was obsessed with her and I didn't see the appeal. If anything, she was  whiny and annoying. But somehow, through multiple cosmic events—the two of us got along.

It was a love/hate relationship if anything. 

“Sorry.” I yawned. “Didn’t get much sleep last night.”

“Clearly.” Olivia muttered. She was tracing the cover of the front of Seventeen with her fingernail. 

“No offence to you or your dad, but the fourth book was trash. I really didn’t like it.”

I couldn’t resist a smile. "I don't like any of them." 

It was a tight squeeze behind the counter, the two of us were packed together like sardines. 

Olivia jumped onto the desk, swinging her legs. She nudged me with the toes of her boots. 

"Oh really?" her green eyes widened with curiosity. “Is it because your dad went AWOL?”

"No.” I retorted, when in fact, yes. That was the main reason why I couldn't stand my father's books. Part of me was pissed he hadn’t even based any of the characters off of me. 

"Kai." Olivia turned the book over and pointing to the third member of the gang. 

Well, she didn't exactly point. It was more of a stab. 

"He ruined it," Olivia groaned. "I can't believe he told Sia he loved her, right in front of Nico! And then he was shot! How is he supposed to come back from that? How am I even supposed to react?”

“Olivia—” 

"And Luna! Did she really lose her mind? She was one of my favourite characters, honestly. If I had to pick between Luna and Sia, it would always be Luna. She is a bisexual icon.”

“Liv, seriously-" but the girl, to my annoyance, carried on. "Do you think Kai survived? God, I hope not. He was so annoying, and like, really full of himself. And did your dad even stop to think about the fans? Luna was everyone’s favourite!”

Before she could continue, I raised my voice. “I don’t know and I don’t care. If my dad planned an ending, I don’t know what it is.”

Olivia made a noise of irritation. "But he must have an office," she pressed. "Doesn't he keep copies of it or something?"

Olivia’s words felt like a knife in my back. I massaged my aching temples and resisted the urge to shut my eyes. “Is that why you’re talking to me?” I scoffed, “to get some kind of closure on Seventeen?”

I shoved the book away, and it slid across the counter. I couldn’t escape those characters no matter how hard I tried. 

Olivia rolled her eyes. “Jeez, I was only asking.”

Her words left the two of us in an uncomfortable silence. I was busy frowning at the grains on the countertop when the wind chimes hanging over the door played a melody signalling a customer. 

I looked up, expecting Finn. My best friend, and fellow colleague was nearly half an hour late and had been ignoring my texts. I met him in Kindergarten and had officially decided that I liked him when he was the only kid who hadn’t brought Seventeen on World Book Day. Instead, he brought a Spiderman comic. And when Jess Cole had held up her signed copy of my father’s book, squeezing it like her life depended on it, Finn had jumped up to show off his comic book with a wide grin. “This is my favourite book.” He had said, and then pointed to Jess Cole’s signed copy of Seventeen. “That book is stupid.”

Jess had burst into tears and Finn had been yelled at, but his passionate hatred for the series caught my attention. Everyone I had met growing up had praised Seventeen, saying how amazing it was. That it was game changing storytelling. Finn was the only one so far who didn’t like it. We had been inseparable since. When my family moved out of our old crummy house and into a mansion, Finn was a regular visitor. Until dad stopped him. Apparently my friend was distracting him from his writing.

Well, yeah. In later books, he had written a character based on Finn. 

"Heads up.” Olivia nudged me, motioning to the new arrival.

The customer definitely wasn't in her seventies. Which struck me as strange, because of the vast majority of our visitors had grey hair, often looking like they were seconds away from dropping dead. 

This girl had bound into the store, an enthusiastic spring in her step. She was around our age. Though she didn’t go to our school. I didn’t recognise her. She was pretty, I guessed; tall with olive skin and dark hair cascading, a straw hat resting delicately on her head. She regarded the us with a bright smile, and I glimpsed conspicuous green eyes that looked almost unnaturally green. I was automatically reminded of one of Seventeen's characters. Luna, maybe. She was the dark haired one, right?

I turned to Olivia with questioning eyes, nudging into her. “Is she one of yours?”

I followed the girl as she danced around the store, picking up books and flipping them over, scanning the blurbs. Her outfit was… weird. Again, it reminded me of a Seventeen character; a long turquoise coloured dress that almost resembled a toga, and sandals, a pair of raybans finishing off the outfit. 

“No.” Olivia rolled her eyes with a scoff. I could tell she was judging the customer.

"But look at her, she's such a show off." 

I had to agree with her on that one. The strange girl definitely knew she was pretty and was eager to flaunt her looks. Olivia sent me a smirk. "Honestly, does she really think that dress is appropriate? She looks like an exotic bird.”

Olivia was being a bitch, sure. But I couldn’t resist a smile. Maybe the heat was getting to me. I leaned close to her, brandishing my best fake smile for the customer. "Behave."

After visiting every shelf, the girl made her way over to us and slipped off her ray bans, settling the two of us with a 100 watt smile. 

“Hi there! Do you guys have any cook books?”

I frowned. I guess I was expecting her to inquire about an actual book. Maybe Harry Potter or Percy Jackson. 

"Cook books?" 

The girl nodded. "Yes, cook books. Is there a problem?"

Olivia folded her arms. "You're going to have to be a bit more specific," she said, her tone dripping with sarcasm. "We have a lot of cook books."

“Oh, right! Well…why don't you surprise me?”

When Olivia didn't move, the girl slid her ray bans back on, that unnerving grin never leaving her lips. 

"My gran's birthday is coming up and I'd like to bake her a cake.”

Olivia nodded stiffly. I supposed the girl was used to dealing with hard-of-hearing pensioners asking for Fifty Shades of Grey. But this was a teenage girl with a bite in her tongue, the type of girl she'd automatically feel threatened by. "Right, so cakes. You want cake cooking books." 

Olivia may have been a bitch, but she was a natural. She hopped over the counter with ease. 

It still baffled me how high the girl could jump. On days when we were bored, we had taken turns diving over the counter. And even in a skirt, Olivia had still managed it. "If you would like to follow me!" she said, in a tone that suggested otherwise. My colleague’s cheeks had turned a shade of rosy, almost as dark as her hair. The girl was close to losing her patience, but was somehow keeping her cool, maintaining a perky attitude. I nodded at Olivia, pasting a smile on my face. My head was still killing.  “Are you okay dealing with the customer? I need to see where Finn is.”

She scoffed, searching through books. “Of course that idiot is late. And yeah, whatever. Just hurry back.”

Pulling my phone out, I squinted at the screen. Still no texts. 

Before I could stab in Finn’s number, the dark haired girl spun around, her dress flying with her. 

Olivia was busy scanning the shelf, her nails trailing over each spine. 

"Alright, we've got like a million cake cook books, can you be more specific?"

Except the girl wasn't even watching her. She was staring at me. 

"Oh, are you looking for a guy?”

I tried to avoid the girl’s piercing gaze. "Yeah, actually," I said, and her smile brightened.

“There was a cute guy outside when I was on my way in here,” she said. “Kind of lost looking? Adorable freckles? He reminded me of a deer caught in headlights.”

I had to resist rolling my eyes. It was no surprise that the girl found Finn cute. 

"Yeah, that’s him,” I nodded at her with what I hoped was a smile. “Thanks.”

Ignoring me, the girl twisted back to Olivia, beginning to describe the kind of book she wanted. I saw that as cue to go look for Finn. I headed outside, pushing through the wooden doors, wincing when the hot afternoon air hit me in the face. At least inside the store it was cool, to an extent. 

Outside, it felt like I’d walked into an oven. Moira’s Reads stood on the edge of town, meaning we were in the middle of nowhere. There was a store a few meters away, then a gas station. But that was it. Shading my eyes, I scanned the patch of concrete in front of the little bookstore which was used as a parking lot for employee's. After five minutes of checking and rechecking the back to see if Finn was sitting under shade having a cigarette like usual, I pulled out my phone once again. 

It was too hot to be playing hide and seek. 

"Hey, this is Finn!" My friend’s answer-phone started up for what felt like the millionth time and I groaned. When the beep tone sounded, I started walking again, glaring down at the tarmac.

"Where the hell are you? Your shift started at three, and it's nearly quarter to four," I hissed, my gaze skating the edge of horizon. Still no sign of the sun letting up. It was April and felt like mid-August. "Dude, I swear to god, if you've ditched me with Olivia Russo for the next five hours, you’re—"

Stopping abruptly, I nearly choked on my next words. I paused at the sound of a crunch. 

Cringing, I looked down to assess the damage, expecting poor critter who had been flattened into steaming tarmac. But it wasn't road kill I had stepped on. It was something black, something chunky. It glistened in the sun, reflecting my own confused face. It took me a moment to realise I was staring at a phone. My gut twisted into knots. Not just a phone. 

Upon closer inspection, I recognised the pale blue phone cover Finn had bought when we had vacationed in New York last summer. I bent over and grabbed the phone. When I tried to turn it on, the splintered screen flickered, treating me to a lightshow of colours, before going dead. 

I could only stare at the dead phone screen before looking up, studying the parking lot. I wondered if Finn had dropped his phone. But if he had, where was he? Wouldn’t he have come into work? 

"Are you okay?"

I jumped at the voice, dropping Finn’s totalled phone. 

There was a blonde girl standing in front of me. My age. Maybe I had heat stroke, but I could have sworn she looked exactly like my father’s main character Sia. I vaguely remembered a quote from my father’s books. “Buttermilk and moonlight had woven together to make hair that flowed by day and shone by night.” That’s what I was looking at. The descriptions matched the girl perfectly. Blue eyes like freshly bloomed daffodils. I had to blink twice. The girl was wearing shorts and t-shirt, flowers threaded through her curls, and bizarrely, she was barefoot. The sight of her gave me whiplash. 

Sia Montgomery. I was staring at Sia Montgomery the fictional character. 

"Uh..." it took me a painstaking moment to realise the girl was real, and not the result of not eating anything and running around in 90 degree heat with a bastard of a headache. 

I wondered if she was a festival goer. The flowers in her hair made her look like some kind of hippy.

“I’m good.” I said a little breathlessly. I nodded at her wiggling toes. “Do you not own shoes?”

The girl laughed. Though she didn’t reply. "I like walking bare foot.” 

When I could only frown at her, she jutted her chin at Finn’s phone. “Is that yours? Bummer.”

I shook my head. “No, it’s my friend’s,” I squinted at her. The girl looked like she was bathed in sunlight, like she owned it. “Actually, have you seen him? He’s got brown hair and freckles. Looks like a vampire.”

The blonde looked like she was pretending to think. Her eyebrows crinkled and she tapped her chin with her index finger. "Hmmm, I don't think I have."

"Yeah, I figured." 

My head was pounding. “Well, I should probably go and look for him.” I started to turn away, but the girl whipped her arm out to stop me.  “Wait, what colour was his hair again?”

"Brown." I shot her a look.  “You’ve seen him?”

The blonde's lips pricked into a smile. "Describe him again for me."

Was this girl messing me around? I couldn’t be bothered with her. 

"Look, it's really no problem if you haven't seen him, I should get out of your hair," again, I tried to walk away. But this time the girl grabbed my arm and yanked me back. Violently. 

I stumbled and attempted to wrench my arm from her grip, but she held on, her fingernails piecing digging into my skin. Normally I was pretty patient. But the girl was creeping me out. I squirmed in her grip, but she was stronger than she looked.  "Hey! What the fuck is your problem?”

"What does your friend look like again?" she asked smoothly, and something acidic climbed up my throat. "Dude, I said it's no big deal," I gasped out. "Can you get off me?"

The girl didn't loosen her grip.

"Say it," she murmured. "I want you to tell me what your friend looks like."

“Let me go.” 

But she didn’t.

"Your friend," her tone was steely. "Describe to me what he looks like. Word for word.”

“Are you… are you serious?” I spluttered. My voice was shaking. I couldn’t get away. When I tried to pull away she was like a viper, digging her claw-like-nails deeper into my flesh. 

“He.. he’s got dark hair and… and freckles. He’s probably wearing a shirt like mine.”

The girl’s smile was sickeningly sweet. 

"Do you mean this boy?" I realised I had stumbled into a black van. The girl skipped over to the back and pulled up the shutters. Every instinct inside me told me to run, but I couldn't. I was frozen. The blonde had dived into the back of what looked like a transit van, grabbing hold of a squirming figure, and my heart sank at the sight of Finn’s familiar floppy brown hair poking from a baseball cap.

She was playing with me, I realised. The girl had planned everything out. I managed to stagger backwards, acid bubbling at the back of my throat. Finn’s eyes were wide with fright, his hands tied behind his back, lips gagged by a strip of silver duct tape. The blonde ragged the boy by the collar of his work shirt. There was a red welt under his eye. She must have knocked him out. 

"Well? Is this your friend?”

My friend was shaking his head rapidly, muffling incoherently. I couldn't understand a word the boy was saying, but I knew Finn was telling me to run. In a way, the boy had protected me since I was a kid. "GO!" the brunette muffled, but I couldn't. I couldn't leave Finn. Not when he had stuck with me through all the bullshit with my father, the fallout of Seventeen being abandoned, all the abusive fan mail that made my mother and sister cry. Finn had always been a shoulder to cry on, the one person I could break in front of, allowing myself to finally crumble under the rock hard facade I had built around himself. Finn Michaels saw through it. He was the only one. 

I swallowed. “Yes.” I said sharply. “Yes, that’s him.”

Even when I knew it was all part of her game. The blonde’s smile was bright, her eyes glittering. She pressed a kiss to Finn’s forehead. “He may resemble our sweet Kai, but we can always find a new one.”

Finn tried to pull away, his eyes widening. He muffled something I couldn’t understand.

I still had control. That’s what I told myself, at least. 

"You're Seventeen fans." I bit out. 

"*Were* Seventeen fans!”

When I twisted around, I came face to face with a pistol held strategically in the hands of a familiar face. Cook book girl. She must have been stalling all that time, leading me outside. 

Was she the one who took Finn? Anger seared through me. What had she done to Olivia?

The girl was still wearing her ray-bans. She jutted her chin behind me. "Get in the van, Cole.”

I shook my head. I had to stall. Slowly, I raised my arms. “Wait, what do you mean you were fans?”

"We mean were,” the blonde said, struggling to pull a struggling Finn back into the darkness of the van. The boy tipped back, letting out a muffled cry. "Meaning not anymore.”

"Right,” I panted. "So my dad's annoyed you, huh? Why the fuck are you taking it out on me?”

“You're Matthew Johnson’s son.” Cookbook girl stated, “I’m glad we cleared that up!”

The girls were fans, I thought. I had some kind of authority. Even if they were the ones holding the weapons. If they worshipped my father, then maybe they might see me like they saw him.

"Wait!” I hissed out. “My father is the one you want, right? So why… why do you want me?”

"Your father has been missing since two thousand and seventeen," another voice - this time a male, chirped. A dark haired boy stuck his head out of the driver's side, greeting me with a cheery smile. But I could tell he was just as fucked up as the others. "Cole, I'm a huge fan. I’ve read Seventeen like eight times. Your father is amazing.”

“He’s really not.” I bit out.   

The blonde was impatient, ignoring her friend. “Get in the van. Like I said, I won’t hesitate in taking out our collateral.”

I had no choice. I was dragged into the van, my arms tied behind my back. The psycho blonde knelt in front of me. “Don’t worry! As soon as Seventeen’s last book is finished, we’ll let you go.”

“You’re crazy.” I spat. “My dad hasn’t been seen in years. You will be following a dead trail.”

She laughed. “We’ll see about that! I’m Alyssa, by the way! My friends are Tom and Lizbeth.” 

"I don’t care,” I growled, “Your life revolves around my dad's book. Isn’t that a sad life?”

I automatically regretted my choice of words when the girl pulled out her gun, sticking the barrel between my eyes.  I didn’t breathe. I didn't move. The feeling of cold metal sticking into my skull sent my body into shock. “I said I *was* a fan,” Alyssa leaned close to me, her icy breath tickling my ear. “Not anymore.”

I didn’t need to ask why. 

“Your father abandoned us,” the girl murmured. “He left us in the dark and never gave us a conclusion. We never knew is Kai and Sia got together, or what happened to Luna. What about Nico? How could he leave us on that cliff-hanger?” her voice grew more hysterical. “Do you understand what he left us with? Do you even fucking understand what we had to deal with?”

When I tried to lean away from her, the girl gripped me by the collar of my shirt.

“Not even fanfiction could make it better,” she whispered. “We tried, Cole! We tried to make an ending. But it just wasn’t the same! We realised that the only person who can give our babies the ending they truly deserve is the original author. And if we can’t get him, you will have to do.”

“Get off me.” I said, my voice breaking. 

Something was suddenly tickling the back of my neck. The texture made me hiss out and cringe away from her. It was soft. Slimy. Warm. Something trickled down the back of my back. I felt it wet and warm against my flushed skin. “I’m so sorry for your loss, Cole.” Alyssa whispered, her lips dancing across my cheek. “Your friend is lucky because he looks like Kai. But the other one does not serve a purpose. She doesn’t even remotely look like Luna or Sia. It’s offensive that you would go near her.”

I gagged. Somewhere in the dark, Finn started muffle-screaming. 

“What… what did you do?”

Alyssa did not answer, only laughing. She was coating something over my bound wrists. Warm and fleshy. I didn’t turn around. I knew if I did, I would regret that moment for the rest of my life. 

So I stayed stock still. While Alyssa decorated me in pieces of Olivia. 

Something warm was trickling into my eyes. I was seeing red. Alyssa was humming to herself, her scarlet fingertips tip-toeing across my cheeks. “We took you, Cole Johnson, because you are your father’s legacy. You hold the key to Seventeen inside you, and you can write the final book for us!"**Friday, Day 1: Charades**

As I drove my truck up the steep driveway I couldn’t help but let out a low whistle in amazement.

“I guess Brendon has done pretty well for himself over the last couple of years,” Adam said from the back seat.

“You could say that again,” Rachel chimed in next to him. She leaned forward to get a better view of the house that we were approaching.

Zach didn’t say anything from the passenger seat next to me, but nodded his head in agreement with the others.

About two weeks ago myself and four of my closest friends all received a text message from another one of our lifelong friends, Brendon McDaniel. The message was an invitation for a week long retreat up at McDaniel’s manor, which is what Brendon called his luxurious mountain home. He had landed himself a very well-paying job right out of college, and over the last several years had accumulated enough money to buy himself an incredibly nice, isolated piece of property which is where he lives out his life as a rich bachelor.

Once we finally reached the top of the driveway, we unpacked all of our belongings and made our way into the house. There was myself, Zach, Adam, and Adam’s girlfriend, Rachel. A fifth person, Liz (Zach’s girlfriend) was supposed to join us later on in the evening. She got a later start because of work and had to drive up separately.

As we entered through the front door of the house I called out to Brendon, but there was no answer. A black Labrador retriever raced out from one of the rooms as soon as we walked in and greeted everyone at the door with an excited lick. I thought that the outside of the house was impressive, but as we made our way through the rooms I realized that the interior of the manor was even better.

I continued calling out for Brendon as we walked into the kitchen, but I was met with more silence. While I was looking around I noticed that there was a note left out on one of the counter tops. I picked it up and read it aloud to everyone.

“Hey guys, welcome to McDaniel’s manor. Please make yourselves a home. Unfortunately, I was called away to work this morning and will probably not be joining you guys until Monday afternoon. But, don’t worry because we have the rest of the week to catch up. Take any of the available rooms upstairs. My room is located at the end of the hallway on the second floor and should be locked. Everything else is fair game. Mi casa es su casa. Hope to see you all soon. Signed, Brendon. P.S. please feed Mars while I’m gone.”

The black lab’s ears perked up upon hearing his name. I gave the top of his head a scratch and then looked towards my friends.

“Well, that’s bad timing,” Zach said setting his bag down.

“That’s weird though, don’t you think?” Rachel asked.

“What’s weird?” Adam said half listening. He was still admiring how expensive the inside of the house looked.

“Well, I mean the fact that he had to leave for three days and didn’t tell any of us before we arrived. We all have phones right? Why didn’t he just text us?”

“Maybe he didn’t want us getting cold feet,” I suggested. “It sucks that he won’t be joining us until Monday, but we’re here now and the note said that we should make ourselves a home. So I’m going to go pick out where I’ll be sleeping for the next seven days.”

And with that everyone raced upstairs to try and find the best room to call their own. Adam and Rachel went with the room closest to the stairs while Zach picked the room next to theirs. I settled on a room that was on the opposite end of the corridor. I intentionally picked a spot that was further away from my friends because I knew how loud Zach and Liz got when they were together.

My room was actually located right next to Brendon’s room at the end of the hallway. I tried opening his door while I was down there because I was curious, but it was locked just like the note said it be.

As I was unpacking my things, I saw a crumpled up piece of paper peeking out from underneath my bed. There was a message hand written on it which read:

“Disinfect sheets first. Be sure to remove the stain from the mattress and replace the pillow cases. Hopefully the smell will be gone by tomorrow.”

I don’t know what the note was referring to, but I started to regret picking that particular room.

Just then, out of nowhere, I was suddenly hit with a feeling that I felt deep in the pit of my stomach. As a matter of fact, I recalled getting this feeling as soon as I stepped into Brendon’s house, but I think I was just noticing it more so now because I was alone.

It’s hard to describe what I was experiencing in that moment, but the best thing that I could compare it to is a bad acid trip. There was just a general uneasiness about the place, as if stepping into Brendon’s house somehow separated me from reality.

I pushed the weird sensation into the back of my mind, chalking it up to stress from work. But, I distinctly remember thinking that none of us were going to make it out of that house alive .

After we were all unpacked and everyone started to settle in, I decided to give myself a tour of the place. I eventually made my way down into the basement where there was both a pool table and a poker table set up, as well as a few other bar games. I was looking around the room when one of the pictures on the wall caught my attention.

Brendon had all kinds of art hanging on his walls throughout the house, but for some reason this one seemed to jump out at me. It was a painting of a hunter kneeling down next to a deer that he had just shot. I stared at it for several seconds trying to figure out why it stood out to me so much. Why it felt so wrong hanging there. Then I saw it.

The deer’s face wasn’t painted correctly. It was twisted and morphed so much that it looked like it had the face of a man. And the expression on that face was one of pure terror. I also noticed that the hand that the hunter was using to hold his gun wasn’t actually a hand at all. It was a hoof. Those two weird details would have been comical in any other context, but seeing them in that painting disturbed me.

While I continued observing the picture I heard a man’s voice from behind me say, “Yo, dude come check this out.”

I turned around expecting to see Adam or Zach standing there, but the room was empty. And then, as if on cue, the lights went out and I was suddenly plunged into complete darkness. I stood there in the dark hoping that it was just a temporary power outage, and that the lights would come back on after a few seconds, but they never did.

That’s when I started to hear the footsteps. The floor was carpeted so they were quiet, but I could hear them as clear as day. They were coming from my right, and they were not the type of footsteps that you would have expected to hear while standing in a basement alone. These steps were very particular. They were taken slowly, carefully. Each step was followed by a few seconds of silence. As if whatever was walking did not want me to hear it.

Something was creeping closer to me from the darkness. It was still pitch black, but I swear that I could make out the silhouette of a man walking toward me. His arms were raised above his head and spread open, like he was getting ready to give me a big hug. I reached into my pocket and frantically searched for my phone so that I could use its flashlight.

As soon as I got my phone free the lights came on. I almost screamed. I looked up to see that there was still no one in the basement with me. I must have just imagined seeing the silhouette, but I didn’t want to be in that basement by myself anymore so I ran upstairs.

When I finally found my friends I asked them if they knew why the power went out. They didn’t seem to know what I was talking about. I told them that the lights had gone out while I was down in the basement.

“The lights didn’t turn off up here,” Rachel told me. “Maybe the wiring down there is messed up.”

I shook my head in agreement wanting to move passed it, and grabbed a beer from the fridge to take the edge off. My friends followed suit and grabbed some drinks of their own. We spent the rest of the day relaxing, and as the afternoon quickly transitioned into the evening, we found ourselves sitting around the dining room table talking about this and that. During a lull in the conversation Zach spoke up about something that he said was bothering him.

“Do any of you feel different since we’ve arrived here?” He asked while absentmindedly picking at the label on his beer bottle.

None of us said anything, but I could tell from everybody’s expressions that we all knew exactly what he was talking about. He was talking about what I felt in my room earlier that morning. What I had been feeling ever since we walked through the door.

“I can’t explain it,” he continued. “But I feel like this entire afternoon I’ve been living on a different plan of existence. Almost like I’m dreaming and I know I’m dreaming, but I can’t do anything to wake myself up. I think it’s this house. It’s like being inside here is effecting me somehow. Please tell me you guys feel it too.”

Having someone else explain exactly what I was feeling sent shivers down my spine. It unsettled me because hearing Zach say it out loud somehow made it more real. Like, I knew that it was no longer just my mind playing tricks on me.

“Come on,” I said slapping him on the back. “You’re probably just tired from the car ride over and can’t believe that you’re about to spend the next week of your life inside this beautiful house.”

Even though I understood what Zach was getting at, and was experiencing the same thing he was, I didn’t want us to keep talking about it. I felt as if acknowledging the weirdness was making it more powerful.

“I thinks it’s this clean mountain air that’s causing you to go crazy,” I continued. “We’re not use to it from living in the suburbs all these years. So relax, and remember that we’re here to have fun. So no more talking about weird feelings. Agreed? Now, how about we ditch these beers and get into the harder stuff.”

Everybody seemed to like that idea.

As the sun was beginning to set and the liquor was starting to take effect we all decided to play charades. Each of us had written down our own prompts on scraps of paper and placed them into a bowl.

Several minutes into the game Adam got up for one of his turns and took a prompt out of the pile. He read the piece of paper to himself and then told us to start the timer. We all watched as he looked up toward the ceiling and started hoping around on one foot. Everyone started shouting out answers but none of them seemed to be correct. After a few seconds of hoping around on his foot Adam started making these high pitched shrieking sounds while hitting himself in the chest like a gorilla. In between the shrieks he kept repeating the same thing over and over again. “Can you not see it reaching out from the darkness. Can you not hear it laughing.”

Everyone stared at him like he had just lost his mind. We were no longer shouting out answers, and I could tell that everybody was starting to get scared. At one point near the end, I’m pretty sure that I could see tears starting to form in his eyes like he was getting ready to cry.

After what felt like forever Zach finally blurted out that his time was up, and we all just looked at him for a couple of seconds.

“What the hell was that?” I said, chuckling nervously. Rachel, Zach, and I glanced back and forth at each other awkwardly. We weren’t sure whether to laugh or ask Adam if he was alright.

“What prompt were you supposed to be doing?” Rachel asked him.

“Seriously?” Adam exclaimed. He didn’t look the least bit weirded out by what he had just done. “None of you got that? Huh, I thought I did it perfectly. Oh well, no point for me I guess.”

He let out a low laugh before crumpling up the piece of paper and throwing it into the fireplace behind him.

“Who’s next?” he asked excitedly.

He never did tell us what his prompt was.

It was starting to get late so people were getting ready to go to bed. Zach was laid out on the couch with Mars curled up beside him, and I asked him if he had talked to Liz yet. I was wondering how close she was to arriving.

“I talked to her a few minutes ago,” Zach yawned. “She’s still about an hour away, but I was going to stay up until she got here. Don’t wait up for us.”

With that, I followed Adam and Rachel upstairs where we each retired to our rooms for the night. I hesitated a little bit before entering my bed, but I finally gave in as the night came to a close and I became more and more tired. I just hoped that whoever disinfected the sheets had done a good job.

I wasn’t ready to close my eyes yet so I turned on the tv in my room hoping to drift off to sleep while watching some old reruns. As the screen clicked on though, I was taken aback by what I saw. The tv was not displaying tv shows like I had hoped for. Instead there were six small windows in a 2 x 3 grid and each one was showing a different part of the house. It was a security feed.

There was one camera pointing down the upstairs hallway where the bedrooms where located, there was one in the kitchen, in the living room, in the basement, at the front door, and there was even one looking out onto the back porch of the house. It must have been a live feed because I heard the toilet flush and then saw Adam exiting the bathroom and walking down the hall toward his door. At first, it seemed weird that Brendon would have security cameras set up throughout his house, but the more I thought about it, the more sense it began to make. It was a very expensive house after all. Why wouldn’t he want to protect it?

The strangest thing about it though, is that I don’t ever remember seeing security cameras anywhere inside the house. In all fairness, I wasn’t exactly looking for them. I mean, why would I be, but it was still peculiar that I never noticed at least one of them.

Looking at those security cameras must have made me real tired, because after a few minutes I felt myself starting to drift off to sleep. I was woken up a couple hours later around what I guessed was 3:00 in the morning because of a noise that I thought I heard. I saw that the tv was still on and looked towards it just in time to see someone walking down the upstairs hallway away from the bathroom. Their back was to the camera, but I could tell that it was a female’s body and that she was naked.

It must have been Liz because she walked right into Zach’s room and closed the door behind her.

“Damn,” I thought to myself. “Those two wasted no time catching up.”

I laughed to myself and fell back asleep a few seconds later. The next time I woke up it was morning.Have you ever felt time turn sideways?

That’s what happened when I realized my father had been telling me to [run from my home](https://redd.it/m1wkwn).

My grandmother’s desk clock ticked softly. Li’l Doodles, my stuffed dog, gave me an unbroken gaze.

Everything looked peaceful.

But a hurricane was tearing its way through my head. Each second felt too fast. I was frozen in place and horrified that an all-out sprint would be insufficient. 

I stared at the clock. How could it have the audacity to be so calm?

A door creaked behind me and I was flying. I grabbed my cell and pocketed it, plucked Doodles from the bed, grabbed the Louisville Slugger, and threw on my slippers, assuming that I had no time to change out of my pajamas. I ran for the front door as the hinge continued to squeak, using the moonlight to dodge the furniture in my living room as I was sure (was I?) that a man moaned behind me.

I fumbled with the knob, pulled, hit resistance, whimpered, closed it, carefully slid open the chain lock with shaking fingers, fought an uncooperative deadbolt, opened the door successfully, and ran into the night.

Then I got to the sidewalk and stopped.

What the fuck happens next?

I took stock of the situation. It was the middle of the night as I stood on an empty Schenectady street and shivered. I had no car, no money, no friends in town, and had left my wallet inside. 

I must have looked quite the sight. The pink silk long-sleeved pajamas provided minimal intimidation or protection. My slippers – which were oversized fluffy comfort novelties shaped like stuffed sloths – weren’t meant for outdoor use or adults in general. I held Doodles in one hand and the Louisville Slugger in the other. 

Some moments exist only to remind us that we don’t have our shit together and that Fate thinks it’s just funny as hell. As I stood there with my stuffy slippers and baseball bat, wondering what to do next, I realized that I was in such a moment.

My head spun. Should I call my dad back? No, he was clearly not free to talk. If I did anything to indicate that I’d heard his Morse Code message, the person silencing him might…

I didn’t want to think about it. I told myself that Mom and Dad were perfectly fine, and that no one was hiding in the dark, waiting to kill them. 

I told myself the same message. The concept was too absurd. There’s no way that someone could be hurting my parents to get to me – right?

But why hadn’t Dad just told me? He’d die for me if he had to. 

Faint electric chills ran along my back as I realized that he must have believed I was in *immediate* danger. He wouldn’t hide the truth to protect himself – but he would do it for my sake. I was sure of it.

I looked up at my home. The house glared back at me, its door open, inviting me back inside like I was just the right size for its sudden appetite.

I hadn’t left any lights on. The empty house felt so alone.

Then one light flicked on in the top floor. My chest froze in terror.

The empty house had *felt* so alone. 

I pulled out my phone. My thumbs shook too much to make the call. I hit 9-1-2, 9-4-1, 1-9-1-3, and several other failed attempts before finally calming myself enough to get through.

“911, what is the nature of your emergency?”

“Um. There’s a man in my house. You sent an officer to check it out a few days ago, and now I think he’s back.”

“Okay, I’m relaying that information now. What’s your name and address?”

I gave it to him and waited, staring at the light. 

The night was cold. I didn’t move. I didn’t want to be there, but had nowhere to go.

“Olivia? You said that an officer came out to meet you last week?”

“Yes,” I answered, barely able to control my own voice. “Yes. Um, he said to reach out if the guy came back, and, well – he’s here.”

Two seconds of silence dripped down my mind like a Dali clock. 

“Are you in a safe location?”

I focused on my breathing. “Yes. I mean, I – well, I guess I don’t know. I might not be.”

The tears began. 

“Olivia, I need you to listen to me. Where are you now?”

I breathed out slowly. “I’m standing outside my house. I’m afraid to go back in. My dad-”

“What day did you say an officer came by? What did he talk to you about?”

My neck burned in frustration. “I – I don’t know, it was last week sometime, I also answered a lot of questions that didn’t – look, I’m really not taking this well and just want to know what-”

“I’m sorry, Olivia, but this is really important and we’re dealing with everything the best that we can. An officer is on the way right now to meet you. But you need to listen to me very carefully, okay?”

I tried to calm myself by gripping the bat tighter. “Okay,” I breathed, “that’s-”

“We didn’t send an officer to meet you last week.”

My thoughts ground to a halt as I tried to make sense of the senseless. “I – what? No, we talked for-”

“I’ve been checking the records through and through. No officer responded to your residence at any point in the past six months, and there is no indication that a call from this phone ever came into our database.”

The burn in my neck pushed through to my hair. “No, that doesn’t make any sense. Look, I promise you that I-”

“I hear what you’re saying, which is why I have been checking this entire time. I’m sure of it – no officer came to your house last week.”

The heat moved into my eyes as tears poured freely. “I don’t understand. What are you saying?”

“What I’m saying, Olivia,” he explained with chilling calm, “is that if a man did come into your home last week, I can promise you that he was *not* [a real police officer](https://www.facebook.com/P-F-McGrail-181784199029462/)."

[BD](https://www.reddit.com/r/ByfelsDisciple/)





[Watch]( https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCcn_pa1QfNMRzbTuJqXSoRQ)

[Expand](https://www.reddit.com/r/TheCrypticCompendium/)[Part 1: What the hell is she?](https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/m0t1he/i_drove_the_new_girl_home_from_the_bar_what_the/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share)

[Part 2: I think I met her father.](https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/m1l0ru/i_drove_the_new_girl_home_from_the_bar_i_think_i/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share)

[Part 3: It's worse than I thought.](https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/m2du2o/i_drove_the_new_girl_home_from_the_bar_its_worse/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share)

[Part 4: There's only one way out.](https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/m35ftx/i_drove_the_new_girl_home_from_the_bar_theres/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share)

The tunnels went on farther than I could have imagined, twisting and turning and folding in on one another. Still the little girl traversed them with practiced ease, leading me further into the flowered labyrinth. We passed more of her people along the way. They quickly busied themselves with other tasks, pretending not to see us. None of them would look me in the eye.

Around me, the pastel pinks and purples of the flowers started to grow dark. Their petals turned to crimson and the thorns on the vines grew thick and sharp. We were getting close.

Up ahead sat a pair of double doors, these ones actually affixed to a frame in the dirt wall around it. Unfamiliar symbols and drawings were carved into the thick wood. Just laying eyes on them made my insides squirm. It was reminiscent of how I felt when I saw Fiona for the very first time.

The child dropped my hand, looking up with me with saucer-wide eyes. “You have to tell him you’re here," she said. Then she ducked her head and took off back the way we'd came.

I approached the door with heavy footsteps and glanced down at the still drying blood coagulating around my wrists. Beyond the doorway, a heaving thud resounded and a feminine, pain-filled cry pierced the air.
Massive thorns hung just over the archway. It didn’t take much pressure to break the skin on my palm and press my now bleeding hand against the wood.

The commotion beyond came to halt and the heavy doors flew inward. Standing on the other side of it was the creature who had trapped me here in the first place, Fiona’s father. He towered over me, a monstrous snarl pulling at his thin lips. Behind him, Fi lay face down in the dirt, blood seeping from her ear and joining her hair in a crimson puddle that surrounded her like a crown. Omir grabbed me by the collar and flung me like a ragdoll into the room.

While the other rooms had glimpses of the real world, glimpses of humanity, this one looked more like a nest than anything else. A bed of loose straw sat sandwiched in one of the corners, stray traces of bone and sinew tangled in the mess of it. Several more hooks lined the walls, each one occupied with the mutilated remains of the humans that came before me. The flowers near the doorway itself remained red, but farther in they grew darker still until they were as black as the dirt underneath of them. They seemed to twist around the center of the room, near where Fiona was lying.

“Father,” Fiona said, struggling to push herself up off the ground. I groaned and rolled over to my stomach. Thundering footsteps clobbered behind me.

“Father, please!”

I crawled toward Fiona on my elbows. She was in a sitting position now, her carefully muscled legs sprawled out underneath of her. The pale skin of her cheek was already blossoming into a purple-green bruise. I pictures it hardening, thickening into something impenetrable. Rooting her into place in this brightly colored hell. 

I crawled faster.

My screams tore through the air as his hoof came crashing down upon my ankle, snapping it clear through on the first try and leaving me choking on soil.

“He’s from work, Father. People will grow suspicious.” Fiona found her footing and stumbled toward us, wrapping both hands around her father’s bicep. He shook her off like a fly and sent her reeling backward with a sharp backhand.

I swallowed the bile rising in the back of my throat and pushed ahead.

Omir thundered past me to the periphery of the room. He secured one of the swinging chains in his club-like fist and used his other hand to pull at the unidentifiable muck that hung from it. The hook separated from the rest of the chain with a sickening clank. What little sense of self preservation I had left in me pulled a scream from my lips as I gave one final tug forward.

My vision began to falter, though I’d reached the swirl of black flowers by now. The scent of them was overwhelming, lulling me down toward the sweet taste of oblivion. Memories rippled through my head like raindrops on water. I saw Fiona that first day at the office, brushing past me as she left. That was the first time I’d smelled the flowers. Back when I’d assumed it was just some intoxicating sort of perfume.

Then there was that night after the bar, where I witnessed her other form for the first time. It was like a chapter turning in a book, my old life ending a new one taking its place. Even now, I wouldn’t have traded that moment for anything, even what was left of my fading life.

There were other memories too, ones I couldn’t place. Ones that were born long before I was. A forest, bathed in magical early morning light, young fawn children laughing in the open air. An older, horned man watched his family run and play. One of the older boys shoved his little sister to the ground, and her elbow separated with a pop.

I saw a small village of wooden houses, built amongst towering redwoods, secluded from the rest of the expanding world. There were dozens of creatures just like Fiona and her father. They farmed, and sang. They held festivals in the springtime. At the center of town was a narrow stone well, where they’d gather every night to offer their thanks. The dead were sent down to protect it and every harvest it received its fair share of the spoils. 

“It doesn’t want blood,” I said, gasping. “You do.”

The ground shook as Omir approached. I dug my hands in the dirt and started to pull by the fistful. The vines were thick under the surface and they tore my hands as I went. Fiona jumped up in front of me, rushing to intercept her father’s rage.

I heard a gasp from behind me, punctuated by a wet slap. The ground grew warm underneath, warm and slick. I raised my hand to the dancing torch light that surrounded us. They were covered in blood.

Fiona dropped to the ground next to me, ice blue eyes blinking rapidly in shock. The hook protruded out of her stomach and bright red pooled around her midsection. More food for the flowers.

I pulled myself toward her, wrapping one hand against her cheek and the other against her wound, trying in vain to stop the pained gulps that escaped her lips. I felt Omir behind me without having to look and I readied myself for the eventual blow. The last moment I would have to look into Fiona’s beautiful face. 

It never came.

The ground below us started to shift, sliding inward toward Fiona’s body as if being siphoned into a hole created by her blood. The warmth grew and expanded outward, wrapping around the both of us like a gravity blanket and pulling us in tight. I felt a pulsing sensation spread within me. I wasn’t sure if it was my own heartbeat or something else. 

Omir howled behind us. I twisted my body around just in time to see his hooves began to sink into the hungry dirt. 

I too felt like I was sinking, but not physically. My body stayed right where it was, but my mind floated away on a rising tide, pulled deeper and deeper into an ancient, impossible sort of consciousness. It wasn’t a seed at all that rested below us, but I understood why they called it that.

Whatever you fed it, it started to grow.

But there were rules, however. There were lines that you didn’t cross. For years they’d fed it love and gratitude, and it blossomed into peaceful, prosperous lives. Times changed, and the world grew darker. One sadistic creature decided to feed it suffering instead. In turn, everything around it began to suffer.

What it wouldn’t accept was being fed one of its own children.

I nuzzled my face into the bend of Fiona’s neck, breathing in the smell of her, the smell of her home. “It’s going to be okay,” I said, but as she pulled in a steadier breath I had a feeling that she already knew. My eyes slipped closed. The last thing I remember is picturing those happy little children playing in the sun.

---------------------

I came to on the ground next to the pond, Fiona still wrapped in my arms and the sound of traffic from Fletcher Avenue floating through the air. I wiggled my toes and my broken ankle instantly protested the movement. There wasn’t a single part of me that didn’t hurt, but when I looked down to see Fiona smiling up at me...well, it didn’t seem quite so bad anymore.

She helped me off the ground and we limped to my car, traversing a bed of thick flowers that now covered the length of the chilly forest floor like new, powdery snow. She assured me that she herself was fine, and showed me the spot on her stomach that was now just a light collection of scar tissue. The seed had brought her back. We both understood the responsibility that entailed.

It’ll be hard for her family. The older aunts and uncles in particular who’ve tasted so much cruelty. Everyone got trapped in Omir's twisted vision of the world, and their trust for humans is next to nothing. 

The little ones, I think, should adjust relatively quickly. At least if they're anything like Fiona.

It’ll be a slow transition, bringing them back into the light. But she’s got me to help. I wouldn’t have it any other way.

Best of all, I get to see her at work again on Monday. If I can get my legs to stop twitching, that is.Once, we were two.

The first was a dirty starving boy, dying alone on a forest floor. He watched the moonlight spill down through the leaves, felt his blood pool beneath him and wondered if he should pray. 

The second was a spirit of hunger and malice. An unseen devil fresh in the world, seeking the refuge of a body. 

And I was one and both the same. 

Twisted threads, two tales entwined.

Here is how it happened. 

*     *     *

I lived in a single room with my mother and older sister, in a building with many such families. Only the poorest lived this way, although I did not realise it at the time. 

Our village lay in the shadows of the Parang mountains, several days ride from the nearest city. In truth, the "city" was no more than a mining town, but to a peasant boy like me it was a metropolis. 

My father was a soldier. I do not remember him, only the three of us awaiting his return. I cannot recall his voice or his face though I always wished I could. I would have my sister describe him over and over and neither of us would ever tire of it. When our mother finally told us of his death I was as confused as I was upset. How could he be dead? I had never met him. Did this mean I never would? Death was new to me then, and I do not think I really understood it.

It was so long ago. Details once crystal clear are blurred by time. There were always soldiers passing through, I remember that. We were often at church and often hungry. My sister began to work for a local farmer, not long after the news about our father. My mother was already out every night and we had no other family nearby, so it was not unusual for me to be home alone. There was no other choice. Sometimes I would wake when my mother returned. She would sit beside our bed in the candlelight, counting out pennies. Many times she had bruises. Many times she cried.

We survived, somehow, scraping a living from day to day. Then my sister fell ill. Winter was approaching and a relentless cough shook her small body. She was already frail, from the hunger and unceasing cold. We cared for her as best as we could. 

The image of her lying on the bed is etched in my mind, ghostly pale skin framed by her long dark hair. She would drift in and out of consciousness, shaking and calling out in her sleep. When she woke we would try to make her drink water or eat what little we had. I remember rubbing wax on her lips as they had cracked and begun to bleed. My mother still had to work or we would starve, which was already close enough. When she was out I would sit beside my sister and talk to her, or read her one of the few books we had. I would try to find games I could play alone, or watch the soldiers pass by through the window.

My aunt Nina came from the city to help us, although she would not stay long. She was older than my mother, loud and strong. Of all my mothers family she was the only one who ever came, although I never found out why.I remember her whispering with my mother one night as I played.

"Gravida?" she said. 

I did not know this word.

"Da." my mother replied.

They were silent for a long time after that. When my mother was at work I asked my aunt why she could not stay.

"There is war," she answered, "and I will fight in it. A woman can pull a trigger as well as a man, you know."

"But you might get killed."

She paused, I think, remembering my father.

"I might," she said, "but our people can no longer live like this. If my life is all I have to give I will give it. The animals who rule now have taken everything from us and still it is not enough for them. We need to be free, and defiance is the only weapon we have left."

She was gone before my mother returned. 

I never saw her again.

A few days later my mother made me fetch the priest. My sisters breathing was failing and she would not be woken. He came to the door and I let him in. Some of our neighbours were behind him, crossing themselves and muttering prayers. He knelt by my sisters bed and read from his bible, I do not remember the passage. My mother watched him in silence from the corner of the room, tears filling her eyes. I had closed the door and stood watching, not knowing if there was something I should do. I was afraid.

The priest tried to speak to my mother but she did not look at him at first, just stared at the bed. He had put a hand on her shoulder when she suddenly laughed and met his eyes.

"I do not know why I asked you here," her voice was sharp with pain and anger, "Can you help her? You come running to our grief like a pig to a trough. Yet you have nothing for her but words and I have heard them before. Get out. Get out and do not come back."

As he left he paused beside me and met my gaze.

"Pray for her." he whispered.

I was not sure if he meant my mother or my sister.

We sat beside her after that, for how many hours I do not know. One time she opened her eyes as I held her hand and cried out, "Tata!" She did not speak again. 

All night I prayed for my sister but it was not enough. She died at dawn the next day, a week before her 7th birthday. Her name was Antonia.

There is a fog of grief over the following weeks. My mother became almost catatonic at times, staring in silence at the walls or her own hands. We did not go to church. She no longer left for work and there was no food. I did not know what to do. She was being sick in the morning yet told me not to worry, then to stop asking. Sometimes I would be woken by her crying in the dark.

"Nu mai." she would say. "Nu mai."

In time it would fade to a whisper.

"Nu mai." 

One morning she woke me and told me to get dressed.

"We are going to escape this place," she said, then she smiled and held me tight. When I was ready she took me by the hand and we walked away from the town into the forest. She did not speak very much and I struggled to keep up. Night had fallen by the time we stopped. I had asked her many times where we were going and she had not answered.

"I love you Dorin," she said, taking my hand, "I love you and its going to be alright. We are almost there. Here, you go on ahead."

She gestured to a path between the trees. As I walked on she struck me over the head and left.

*     *     *

The spirit came to me as I drew my final breaths. 

It recoiled from even moonlight, advancing in the shadows of the clouds. A shapeless poison in the still air between the trees.

I could feel its touch, at the edges of my awareness. I had passed through fear and panic and sadness. Too weak and wounded to move, I simply watched and waited. 

It spoke.

"I have a choice for you."

It was a lie of course. I was chosen. I did not choose.

"I can save you from death. This need not be your fate."

Was it a dream? I thought. The pain had faded, leaving behind a numbing cold.

"I can give you life of a different kind. But you must do as I command."

Strange, I thought, it speaks with my voice.

"You must answer me, now. Before you are beyond the veil. Do you wish to die?"

I did not wish it.

My vision dimmed and I fell away from the world to the sound of falling rain.

The spirit seized my heart.

Beneath the crescent moon I was born again.

*     *     *

I was consumed by a terrible fever for several days. When it finally broke I found my mind was clear and my wounds had healed. I was changed. 

It did not take long for me to realise I no longer needed to breathe. I checked my pulse and found that while it remained it was incredibly slow, maybe only once every few minutes. 

The boy I had been would have panicked, I think. But I felt almost nothing. There was a new distance from such emotion. Something had given me another life and I was beginning to learn the cost. 

I lived alone in that forest for over a year, feeding on what animals I could. Insects and worms at first. A wounded bird and eggs from a nest. Rabbits and rats. I did not feel revulsion at these acts as you may have expected. I felt only the need then a blurred disassociation from the act itself. In fact, there was no taste at all until the bird, where my mouth and throat were filled with the iron tang of its hot blood. 

Slowly, ever so slowly, I grew stronger. I ceased eating flesh as it left me bloated and swollen for days. Instead, I simply drank the blood as best as I could.

I tried to speak to the spirit that I carried many times. It did not answer. No matter how desperate, wounded or lonely I ever was, the demon only ever spoke when it served its own purpose.

Despite all that had happened, I still thought of myself as a boy, behind my eyes. But I was not naive to the truth of my circumstance. I knew that I was a monster. I knew I could not go home. It was no great mystery how I would be treated, or what they would do to me. No-one had wanted me even when I was human, they would hardly accept the return of the beast I had become. I wished to try, of course I did. To see my mother and tell her I was sorry. To beg her to forgive for me for my failings and take me back into her arms. Then I would catch my reflection in the water of the river, or see the blood crusted beneath my nails, and know it was hopeless. 

Sunlight became harder to bear, from a mild discomfort in the earliest weeks to genuine pain after a month had passed. I began to hide in the day, only emerging at the darkest times to hunt.I had grown much stronger than I had ever been before. I felt no pain at any injury and bled little or not at all. I did not suffer from the cold or indeed any physical malady other than hunger. I slept a great deal, for days or even weeks depending on how heavily I had fed. When I could not sleep or hunt I lay in a cave or the hollow of a tree, searching my memories for anything to sustain me.

When a year had passed, the voice spoke to me again. 

"These animals are no longer enough." 

In the last month the hunger had grown unbearable, never fully subsiding no matter how much I consumed (even after the feast of a wolf who had, much to his surprise, fell victim to me). 

"The town has what you need."

As I rolled in the dark, clutching my aching belly, I heard these words and knew them to be true.

I did not want to. I would have hidden in those caves until the end of time if I had been stronger. But I could not bear it. The gnawing, burning agony of the hunger. It drew me from my isolation, a little closer to the town with every night. I was tormented by the thought of eyes upon me. I could almost feel the revulsion, the hate, the fear. The thought of my mothers eyes. Yet I could not resist. Eventually the time came when I sat on the grass slope overlooking my old home. I watched them, these people I had once known, go back and forth about their lives. But now I did not think of their names, or their families. From half a mile away I saw the pulse in their veins. I could hear their hearts beat. 

I can try to say, this wasn't me. I did not want this. But if you are not your thoughts, or your actions, then what are you?

After a second night of pacing, near delirious with fever and wracked with painful spasms, the voice came to me again.

"You can die of this hunger and we shall both suffer the fires of hell, or you can feed on these people and they will surely go to heaven. They are righteous people are they not? Churchgoers? What are a few of their years compared to eternity for you? How can this be wrong?"

I could not resist any longer.

"I will choose them for you."

*     *     *

I still dream, when the sun is high and my sleep is deepest. One afternoon I dream of music played on broken strings, in caverns beneath the sea. There is no sunlight here, no light at all. Only the endless dark inside the earth. I do not miss it, says the voice from the depths. In the end it is only light, and we are even less.

*     *     *

The rest of that night is difficult to recall. It is like trying to remember a nightmare. I have only flashes, of panicked faces and fearful screams. Blood. Always blood. I found I could not enter homes that I had not been welcomed into, but as the night was young there were still plenty of people in the streets. So I lost all control. A dozen or more were dead before I could stop myself. Men, women, children. It mattered not. I was soaked crimson from head to toe, my stomach swollen to bursting. I could hear shouts, an alarm being raised. I fled back to the forest, running until dawn before collapsing into a sleep of several weeks. 

When I finally woke I scoured what memories I had, as painful as it was. Desperately trying to remember those faces. To remember if my mother had been among them. I still try, from time to time. But I never could.

The next night I turned my back to my old home and began to walk. I knew now I would be hunted and could never return.

I had become something evil. A plague upon the land.

*     *     *

There is a bond to the world, which only becomes conspicuous by it's absence. I did not feel it in life, but now I know it is gone. 

It is the touch of the earth in sunlight. Lay your hands on the grass, listen to the wind. You are part of this. It speaks to you every day whether you hear it or not. 

It knows your name. 

Life reached for me even as I died in that forest, but I did not heed its call.

*     *     *

Which lives are worth more? Which loves are worth more? Rich or poor, young or old. If I kill one instead of the other will my guilt be less? I asked myself this question a hundred times. A thousand. I could not answer. In the dirt they were all the same. 

I haunted the world and saw the secrets. I watched others grow and change as I could not. I walked from sunset to sunrise, past towns and cities. Always I was fighting the hunger.And eventually I would succumb. I still could not enter homes uninvited but it was rarely necessary. I did not appear to age or grow in any way, so I still looked like a child. People would think me no threat until it was too late. I was too strong, too fast. 

They could not escape. 

Part of me was still a frightened boy, who tried to look away when I fed. To pull back from the horror of it, hiding in a quiet corner of my mind from the blood and screams. But the hands were mine. The teeth were mine. 

I could not escape.

*     *     *

It became increasingly difficult to gauge the passing of time. 30 years perhaps, between my rebirth and when I first met him. My aimless wanderings had carried me out of Europe to a seemingly endless forest in the east. Leaves had begun to fall and the air turn crisp. I thought of the gold of the autumn leaves, the green grass and blue sky. There are not so many colours at night.

As morning approached my path took me alongside a small river. Around a bend, in the shelter of a heavily forested hillside, I found a house alone.

"What is this thing I see, pretending to be a boy?" A tall and heavyset man, between 50 and 60 years old, called out from the doorway. "Ah...I know your kind. What a sad sight, a child taken so."

He stood with his arms folded and a wry smile on his face. 

Your kind, he had said. He knew what I was. 

"You have a hunted look about you. Well, you are welcome to sleep in the barn, if you wish it. Goodnight ... or should it be day?" He turned with a smile and closed the door behind him. 

The sun was rising. I was so surprised at his nonchalance I did not know what to do. It was foolish of me and careless when I look back on it, but I sensed no danger from him and the spirit did not speak. So I stayed.

I passed the day dozing in his barn, under the wary gaze of his cows. About an hour before sunset the barn door was flung open and last rays of daylight surged in, racing across the hay covered floor to the tips of my toes. I pressed myself back against the wall, desperately trying to pull away from the light. The old man stood in the doorway.

"Now, do not mistake me." he said, "I do not pity you. I pity the child you were. I should not wish to see what remains of that boy suffer any more than is necessary. But I am not a fool. You may never enter my home, or feed on my animals. If you follow these rules, you are safe here as long as you wish it."

He closed the door and left. I slumped down, still shaking. Did he really mean it? I had wandered for so long the thought of even a barn for longer than a night was appealing. 

I decided to take the chance.

He did not return to the barn the next two nights. I hunted a few rabbits, then either slept or watched his home. On the third night I awoke as the sun went down, to the sound of his voice calling me. He sat just inside the door of his cottage, a bottle and glass beside him.

"Come, come." he said, "You have settled in I hope? Come and lets talk. It is a lonely life for me here, and for you too I imagine."

I did not speak much that night. In all honesty I don't think I said a word, but he was talker enough for both of us. I admit, I was spellbound by him. He was originally from my home country (though much further to the north), and to hear my native language after decades of silence was intoxicating. When I finally worked up the courage to speak it came out as a throaty whisper.

"What is your name?" I asked. My voice sounded so strange to me. Of course, I hadn't heard it in years.

"Ha! It is not wise to tell a demon your name." he replied with a smile and a laugh, "Besides, there is no-one else here. Why would we need names?" 

"How did you know what I was?"

"Ah, I saw someone very much like you in the far east. It is not something one easily forgets. There is an air about you, a way of movement, if you know how to look for it."

He did not demand anything of me. He did not threaten or curse me. He did not fear me.

To have company felt like plunging into cool water after years in the desert. 

We developed a routine as the weeks passed. I would hear him return from his daily travels a hour or so before sunset. He would eat and change his clothes, then be at his door with a glass and a smile. We would talk for a few hours until he had to sleep and I had to hunt.

After a month or so curiosity got the better of me and I asked him where he went in the day.

"If I was a woman they would likely call me witch. It is as good a name as any, I suppose. I travel to the local towns and villages. I help those who need it, they pay me what they can. And so they live and I live."

Slowly I became more comfortable, both with him and myself. We shared stories from our lives. Eventually I told him how I had been changed. I knew he was interested, though he had not pressed me for it. As I spoke of my past a great shame began to fill me and I stumbled over my words. He stopped me with a raised hand. 

"Do not speak of intent, or guilt, or wishes. These are fantasies and excuses. You put your life before theirs, that is all. Do not try to justify your deeds with words. These lies will eat at you, like the tide eats the coast. I saw it the first time I laid eyes on you. Every recovery begins with honesty my young friend, so start with that." 

There was no anger or judgement in his words. Just the truth as he saw it. 

He taught me many things as the seasons came and went, knowledge he had learned in 50 years of traveling the world. I tried to thank him many times but he would not have it.

"No need for thanks!" he would tell me, "If only kindness in this world were treated as a duty not a gift, what a place it would be."

Every time I thought of leaving he told me to stay. To live on wild animals and kill no humans for as long as I could. That, he said, would be thanks enough. 

"It costs me nothing to show you kindness, to give hope where there was none. How could that be wrong? Who you are does not matter."

When he tired of talk he taught me to play games like dominos and chess. The board would be set on a small table in the doorway each night as the sun fell. I would sit outside and he inside, no matter the time of year. He thought these small things might help me, distractions for my mind when I began to struggle. We must have played thousands of matches. 

"Some flowers only bloom at night," he told me over the chessboard, "some birds only sing when the sun is down. You can still find a place for yourself. Remember this."

He wanted to help me. No matter the risk to himself, no matter how long it took.

"You cannot go back to what you were, you understand? So do not deny your past. Accept and learn and move on if you can. Or regret will be a leech growing fat on your heart." 

Every night, just a few feet apart. So close I could hear his heartbeat, feel the heat from his body and taste the scent of his sweat in the air between us. Yet if he had ever been careless and given me the chance I do not believe I would have harmed him. I had only taken animal blood for months yet the hunger was ... less. Ever present, painful, but dulled. Its razor edges blunted, I think, by companionship.

"Can you always help people?" I asked him once.

"Not always. And even when I can, I sometimes I make mistakes. Just because you're smart doesn't mean you're always right."

"Are there medicines for everything?"

"No, not everything. If I can do nothing I sometimes give them a sugar pill and tell them it is medicine. It works more often than you would believe. Is this wrong? Maybe. It is less than a truth and more than a lie."

"Do you think you could ... if there was a medicine..."

He looked at me in silence, a sudden sadness in his eyes.

"No, I do not think so. I know of no cure for what ails you."

I had thought as much, though it did not help me hide my disappointment.

"Why do you live here?" I asked him, "You are careful to never leave tracks, never bring anyone back. Are you hiding?"

He did not answer immediately, but sat deep in thought before speaking.

"You think I am a good man, perhaps? Because you see me now. In truth I am no better than you. I have blood on my hands and guilt enough for a dozen lifetimes. But I do not wish to speak of it. I have tried to grow something here from the ashes of my sin. I will only know if it was worth it the moment before my death. If my conscience is clear, I have succeeded. If not ... so be it."

I tried not to think of him dying. He had become as much family as I had ever had. I did not wish to be alone again, though I knew it was inevitable. 

When his time came I saw him fall. Collapsing just inside his home, clutching at his shoulder. 

I ran to him but was halted at the entrance.Our eyes only met for a moment before he closed them.

I wanted to take his hand. To tell him he was a good man who had surely earned forgiveness. 

But I could not cross the threshold. And I could not find the words.

I wish I could say he looked at peace.

*     *     *

I dream of a line of men. They walk screaming into a black river, helpless against themselves. The water rises, their eyes wild as one by one they vanish beneath the surface. They had their chance, says the voice. 

*     *     *

I tried to stay away from people, I did. To sleep as long as I could. To hide. But the hunger pulled me back. 

I cowered in caves till the pain made me scream at the dark. I walked till I collapsed through a thousand nights but I could not escape it. 

The writhing fire inside could only be quenched by one thing. And I was not strong enough to refuse. 

I crossed oceans, travelled the world as if it was something I could outrun. Many tales I will not tell. I was a hopeless fool. 

Wars passed, the world changed but I was the same. A parasite. A ghost. A demon. All of these and none of them. It was a loneliness like no other, I think. A life of glass. I felt as if I stood in a river, watching the waters rush past, carrying life and shaping the world as it went. 

I thought often of suicide but the voice would always be there, reminding me of the eternal fire that would face me after death.

There are no gods, I realised at last, only devils and time. 

*     *     *

I dream of an empty mansion in golden fields. The deserted halls grey with dust, still and silent in the starlight. The picture frames on the walls are empty. The furniture decayed. Stairs lead up beyond my sight, windows show cities and mountains of worlds other than my own. I hear the voice, echoing through the halls. They all lead here, it says. They all lead to dust.

*     *     *

A hundred years had passed since my rebirth. For the first time, I tried to live in a city. I could no longer hide in the countryside, so crowds became my safety. To be around so many people, so much blood, was maddening at first. More than once I almost lost control. 

At times I stayed among the homeless, at times in the houses of victims. People are always so keen to help a lost child. With time on my side I amassed enough money and experience to live comfortably. I became proficient at hiding in plain sight. I relocated every week. I had learned to plan my movements with the greatest accuracy and to the finest detail. It was out of necessity of course. Even the faintest shaft of sunlight at dawn or dusk now instantly blistered my skin like a live flame. I had no doubt that any more than a few seconds of daylight would be fatal. 

So the years passed.

And this is how she found me.

I had been sleeping in an abandoned home in the suburbs, curled on mattress in the hall away from all the windows. A voice woke me.

"Tu parles francais?"

I sprung to my feet in shock, ready to fight or flee.

"Hmm. English?"

The speaker was a woman at the far end of the hall. She leaned against the wall, relaxed, though her eyes were locked on me.

"Do you speak english?" she asked again, a trace of amusement on her face.

Run, the demons voice was urgent in my mind, get away from her now. I began to back myself towards the stairs. I could escape that way if I had to.

"A little." I answered. "Romana."

"Ah! Tu esti roman. Ar fi trebuit sa ghicesc."

She hadn't moved, just smiled. 

"A child." she said, watching me edge away, "I've heard rumours of you for many decades. A demon concealed in a boy, haunting the country. Fascinating." 

She was tall with dark red hair and looked 19 or 20 years old. I watched her hands and eyes, waiting for her to make a move. 

"I know what you are," she said, "because, in a way, I'm like you. I was changed for anothers purpose, two centuries ago." 

Get out of here, the demons voice again, get away from her before its too late.

"The thing you carry with you is probably telling you to run. There's no need. See you around."

She winked, then slipped back out of the door without a sound.

I stood there in the hallway, staring at the door, mind racing. I often think of this moment. Whether I should have left. Whether it was all worth it.

I had recently fed so the spirits sway over me was not as strong. It fought against the pull of her mystery and lost. I chose to stay.

She was true to her word. I saw her again the very next night.

As I searched the city for a new place to sleep I caught glimpses of her, following me. Then when I was alone in an alleyway I heard her voice.

"Good," she said with a smile, "you're still here."

"Who are you? What do you want?"

"My name is Caoin. And I would like to help you, if I can."

It is strange, how painful it is to remember these simple moments. Strange that I hold them so close in spite of it. Her voice pervades it all like music, tying every image together, waking me from every sleep. 

 "Are you a singer?" I asked her once.

She laughed.

"You could say that, I suppose." 

She was not exactly like me, of course. She was not possessed in any way, or driven by any cruel hunger. Long life had been given to her with a duty centuries earlier (the details of which she kept secret). This task carried a burden, which after a time she could no longer bear. So she fled and tried to live her own life. A decade or so ago she had heard rumour of me and sought me out, another near-immortal like her. And she had found me.

At our next meeting she brought me fresh clothes and key to a safe apartment.

"Why are you doing this?" I asked her, "Why do you want to help me?"

"Atonement, I think."

"For what?"

"I've done terrible things in my time. When I realised I did not age I sank into every vice I could find. And it was not misfortune. I sought out my addictions, anything to fill the hollow. I lost everything I was, because I saw no consequence in my actions and a world arrayed against me. It took me decades to claw my way back." her eyes bore into me as she spoke, "And this is how I will help you. Because I know the path back. I know how to live again."

Did I believe her? I don't know. But I wanted to.

"The spirit you carry." she said, "Your curse. It deliberately picked the weakest it could find, didn't it? I'm not trying to insult you, listen. It chose a helpless dying child. Someone already crushed under grief. Why did it do that?"

I expected the demons voice to rise in anger but it remained silent. It had not spoken since my first meeting with her. 

 "I don't know." I replied.

"You do. Don't listen to it's lies. Don't listen to its threats. Think for yourself. Why did it choose the weakest it could find?"

"It does not matter. I cannot change it."

"It chose someone weak because it has no real strength. Its strength is in corruption, manipulation. It controls like any other addiction, through isolation and fear. It must keep you weak. Do you see? This life it has gifted you is quite the horror, isn't it? Relentless insatiable want."

I knew it was true. I had always known it. But I did not wish to face it because I did not believe it would ever change. 

We continued to meet every night for almost a month. I had fed only on animals and my hunger was growing.

"I know the need you feel." she told me, "It can be fought. Beaten. I know it because I have felt it. If I live to a thousand, I'll never see a bottle or a needle without feeling it. I'm still afraid, every day, that it will be the day I fail. I just tell myself, it can be tomorrow. It can always be tomorrow. As long as its never today."

She was not religious but still saw value in it. I remember her reading to me from the bible, a single quote she had circled in pencil a hundred years before. "No temptation has overtaken you that is not common to man. God is faithful and he will not let you be tempted beyond your ability, but with the temptation he will also provide the way of escape, that you may be able to endure it." 

"You don't need to be a believer to take heart from those words." she said.

You do not suffer alone. You are strong enough. You must take your chance.

Many more nights passed as we talked from sunset till sunrise. 

"You thought this other life was a gift when it was offered." she said, "Just like I did. But it takes more than it ever gives. You will never grow, never have children, never have peace. So listen to me. Trust me if you can. You must try to find a way to live, not simply exist. That is how you fight back."

"You only offer what I cannot have."

"Says who? That voice in your head? Listen to mine instead. I prefer the future to the past. It can be anything you like."

I had lived twice the years of a normal man, yet I was still a frightened boy. 

She stared into my eyes, alive and unafraid.

"Let me try."

So I did.

We walked the crowded streets together, hand in hand. She showed me the art she saw in the world. The movement of the stars and the ocean at night. I listened and learned and changed. With every smile the hunger faded, with every touch the voice grew fainter. She helped me read again, a skill I had almost lost. Taught me languages. 

Once after a light snow she invited me up onto the rooftops. With her tiny old stereo playing she taught me to dance, our feet leaving trails in the dust of white. We danced forever in a night. The music and her voice drowned out the things I could never have. The stars in her eyes replaced the things I could never be. She gave me what the demon within never could despite its lies. She gave me life.

It had felt like a beginning.

Then she vanished.

I heard her singing one night, her voice carried on the wind. A lament of beauty in loss.

When I searched for her the next day she was gone. 

No letter left behind. No word or clue.

It is only a moment in time like any other. The blink of an eye, the beat of a heart. Yet to me it was everything.

My chance. 

 I think, perhaps she is happy where she is, starting afresh.

Or perhaps she fled and hides away, tormented by guilt.

Perhaps she never existed and I have finally lost my mind.

Perhaps.

What did I feel for her? 

Love? 

How like pain it is, in the silence. 

*     *     *

I dream of a garden in the desert, ringed by crumbling walls. Behind them angels sleep, slowly dying in the sun. Feathers fall as wings begin to rot and blacken. Their breathing grows shallow. Can you hear it? They weep in their slumber, defeated by time. There is no forgiveness, says the voice, in this life or any other. I wonder. Are these the dreams of the boy, or the monster?

*     *     * 

Emptiness.

I am a broken thing now. A shadow of a shadow.

I killed a young girl, the first time I have fed since Caoin left me. I was consumed and blinded by hunger and grief. Excuses. I am a weak and hateful creature. 

This girl had screamed as she died. A single word, a desperate cry for help.

"Papa."

Papa. 

Tata.

Father.

Beneath a crescent moon I observe her body. 

"No more." I tremble as I speak.

Liar, says the voice.

"No. No more."

Then you will die. We will die. 

"Yes."

You will rot and die and we shall both burn.

"Yes."

Fool. We are one, our fates shared and we will face the fire together. You know this to be true. The flames are all that awaits us and they are eternal. 

"You have taken everything from me and called it charity. I will listen no longer."

Do not defy me. You are alone. You are not strong enough. 

"Defiance is all I have left."

*     *     *

At dawn, I will walk into the sunrise. Feel the light one final time. Perhaps I will hear my name, in the whisper of the leaves.

*     *     *

I dream of myself as the boy I was. 

I play with my sister in front of our home. Our mother calls to us both, a smile on her face. My father is returning. 

I see him.At first, I wrote this entire post as a way to get people to uninstall and remove the game "Hatchetman Cove" from their Steam accounts, but I soon realized pretty much no one has ever played it. But if you by any chance happen to own a copy, please, I urge you: remove it. Uninstall and forget it, don't look back. Don't touch it ever again.

I'll tell you why.

A friend of mine bought a 3-pack of Hatchetman Cove back in 2009. It was a multiplayer game where three people are paired up against a single strong player on the opposite team, kind of like an early Dead by Daylight game. This game might very well be a spiritual predecessor, the similarities between those games are pretty eerie. I'm sure at least one person on the Dead by Daylight team has a steam copy of Hatchetman Cove, and that kinda worries me.

See, Hatchetman Cove was this game where you played in cycles, kind of like a red light/green light game. Three people play as survivors from a ship that crashed into the cove and a fourth player gets to play as the killer. The killer wasn't necessarily some slasher with an axe, it could be a vengeful angel, a grim reaper, or several other kinds of killer. At least that was the original plan.

So the game would alter between having bright lights all over the map going on and off. While they were on, the killer would notice any kind of movement with a ping. When the lights where off, survivors could move any way they want, as long as they didn't draw too much attention. They could set up traps to delay the killer or sabotage the lights to get more time. The killer, on the other hand, was to grab the survivors and drown them in a well at the center of the map. Once a survivor was grabbed, the other survivors are given a choice to either try and intercept the killer using traps, or use the time to gain an advantage.

The problem was that Hatchetman Cove didn't sell very well. The developers had some legal trouble with their publisher, who were pissed about the developers backing out of an exclusive deal with OnLive (check it, it's on Wikipedia). There was no promotion on Steam or anywhere else, as the publishers didn't want it released on another platform. They didn't want it released at all for another 6 months, until the game had the proper infrastructure. The devs screwed up and published it on steam anyway, and the whole thing was a mess.

Still, during the months that it was active, there was a fairly regular playerbase. My friends and I played it pretty much every day for about a month. I mained Sturgis as a survivor, the norwegian fisherman who could lure the killer using his fishing rod. As a killer there were only two options at the time; the Hatchetman, and the Blameless. I prefered to play the Hatchetman: he was straightforward. You got a hatchet, could destroy shelters, and had a certain resistance to traps. The Blameless, she was just... weird. They never managed to balance her right.

The Blameless was an old woman. She was slow, but she floated around the map and avoided all ground-based traps. She always had this warm smile, and her passive ability was just the weirdest. If she was far away, she would look like a random ally on your team. Only when she got closer would she reveal that sinister, smiling face. Hatchetman was just a murderer, but the Blameless was downright creepy.

But the game didn't get any updates, because of the legal battle. No updates, no new survivors, no killers, nothing. Instead, the game went silent. We stopped playing, and a few months later the game was unceremoniously unlisted and removed from the steam store without as much as an apology. I uninstalled Hatchetman Cove and didn't think about it for years. Just one of those games that rest in the back catalog. I forgot I even had it.

But this is where things get weird.

&#x200B;

Last december I was gifted the new Harvest Moon game as a christmas present, and some primal part of my reptile brain clicked back in on Hatchetman Cove. The friends I used to play with had moved on with their lives, but the game still had a steam community page. I checked the store page, and it was empty. The game couldn't be found on google either, the game was completely hidden. If you don't actually have it in your library, you won't find it without a direct link. That, in itself, is kinda weird. Most abandoned games can still be googled.

But Hatchetman Cove still had a very, very active community.

There were plenty of discussions on the forums, but they didn't make any sense. Their speech was almost garbled. I'm sure whatever they discussed made sense to them, but to an outsider it seemed like nonsense. A few examples;

Topic: "how much GW 2 finish noMin?"

"i wanna finish noMin i dunno yet"

"just don't GW then. get your shit together"

"youll never goMin if you dont GW just commit"

The discussion forum is just a mess. The example above was the most legible thing I could find, and I still have no idea what it says. So I started checking out the community content, like videos and screenshots.

The way the community played the game was completely different from when I played. Pretty much no one played Hatchetman anymore, the killer seemed limited to the Blameless. Not a single screenshot of the Hatchetman, just the Blameless. But the weirdest thing was how players interacted with the killer.

Instead of hiding, they come running up to her. They run up to her with their microphones on, screaming at her. Screaming, begging, pleading for her to kill them. Not with funny voices or anything, no, there were people crying in chat. Videos marked with "GW" and various dates littered the community page, each with people crying and screaming and begging to die. The volume maxed out immediately, and most of the time all voices were nothing but a crackling mess that could easily blow out your speakers.

I couldn't stop watching. I'd never seen anything like it, not even back in the days when I was still playing. That wasn't the way you played the game. No one was hiding or looking for objectives. I'd see players using my old main, Sturgis, and just rush the Blameless as soon as the match started. Seeing the 3D model of the old bearded man running up to the Blameless, pleading to die... that was uncomfortable.

&#x200B;

I made the mistake of posting my own question on the discussion forum. I was just too curious. You have to remember, at this point this was still just a weird blip in my steam library. I made my own topic and just asked what the hell happened to the game. I got no responses in a week. Nothing.

After that, things have gotten weird. Real weird.

It started with CS:GO. One night, a teammate came on and just started screaming. No big deal at first, just another troll, but he was screaming at me, specifically. Screaming at me, begging me to shoot him. There was crying. He was desperate, asking me to please teamkill him. He offered to send me money, trade rare skins, whatever I wanted.

He got kicked before I even knew what to say. Two games later, the same guys joins my team with a different username and clan tag. He keeps screaming, crying and begging. My teammates laughed, but I was getting uncomfortable. I stopped playing. Hearing a grown man barely being able to breathe between sobs is just too much. That wasn't a prank, that was desperation.

But it didn't stop there. From that point on, in several games, people started joining and begging me to kill them. It could be by text, in steam chat, by voice... whatever they could. Once in Fall Guys, there were two people with the usernames "KillMe" and "KillMe2". How? You can't even pick your own username in Fall Guys. They just stood there, waiting for me to push them over the edge. These colorful little blob people just made my stomach crawl, 'cause I knew that whoever controlled them were sitting there, screaming in a complete panic behind the screen.

It just kept going. In Red Dead Redemption 2 I used to have the setting to hear and be heard by everyone enabled, but I had to stop. Naked users came running at me while I was camping out at Strawberry, and I turned off all audio as soon as I saw them. I was shaking as I realized the mute setting didn't work, and I force-closed my game. I swear, for a few seconds after the executable had closed, I could still hear them. I threw my headphones across the room and walked away from the computer, just holding my head and quivering.

&#x200B;

I didn't know what to do. I could barely be at my computer. I went back to the Hatchetman Cove steam forums and just started reporting people. I also reported all videos to YouTube, and I just flagged everything. I know, I abused the report system, but things were getting out of hand. I was being harassed.

So they took it down. Not just the forums or the videos, but everything. The entire steam page; gone, including the community page. I could still see the name "Hatchetman Cove" in my library at that point, but nothing showed up when I clicked it. YouTube and Steam probably didn't care much and didn't bother to do a review my reports, it was easier to just pull the plug.

And for a while, that did the trick. I actually got back on CS:GO.

Then, it got worse than ever. Random people started joining our discord server, just screaming into our ears. No matter how many times we banned them or muted them, they just kept coming back. My friends noticed that as long as I was offline, they voices stayed away, so my server figured I was playing a prank or something. At first they thought it was kinda funny, but the more it happened, the more they were getting frustrated. Some were getting scared and sent me private messages asking me to please, as friends, stop. Today I'm permabanned. I can't even log back on to Discord without getting messages from random accounts, begging me to come online and kill them.

It has gotten to the point where I've uninstalled pretty much everything. I don't even have Skype. I don't play games anymore, and I don't think I'll be browsing reddit much longer either since I've started getting messages here too. Not just here, but on my phone as well. Texts in the middle of the night, random calls from unknown numbers. Last week, I found traces of handprints on my kitchen window. Not just one or two, but dozens. A neighbour told me there'd been someone shouting outside my door when I was out buying groceries the other day.

I'm considering calling the police, but I don't know what to say. I don't even know if I'm in danger. 

I can't get the bland face of the Blameless out of my head. I dream of her asking me, without moving her crinkled old mouth, if I want it all to stop; and I say yes. I go to her, dressed as old Sturgis, standing alongside the others with my fishing rod. First I ask her to end it all, but the others speak louder, and she can't hear me. Then I ask again, trying to speak over the others. Soon I find myself screaming. We all scream, louder and louder, begging, pleading, crying for her attention. We all want it to stop, and she refuses to oblige. Instead she just smiles, holding some sort of beautiful secret behind her pixelated, dead eyes. I don't know what it is, but I want it.

I'm starting to understand, but at the same time, I'm disgusted. 

Please, stay away from Hatchetman Cove.First of all, I am from India and I live in the capital (Delhi). I had a job interview that day I was nervous but had prepared well for it. I had paneer parantha in breakfast that morning that was my favorite. I had to travel for about 1 hour to Noida. I had never gone to Noida so I looked at metro routes and where I might have to change my line. (Metro in Delhi are colored lines that go from one area to another.) I had to go from Lajpat Nagar to Botanical Garden so I had to change from purple to pink on Kalkaji Mandir. I planned on taking a cab after entering Noida as taking interstate cabs (Noida and Delhi are in different states) would charge extra (Interstate taxes).  I was a little worried about changing lines, all the time I had done It was with my friends and mostly they had figured it out and I had just followed them. While I was thinking this the metro was here. It was weird, something felt off. Isn't it usual to get an empty metro and station in the morning hours, I reasoned my feelings to that and got on the metro. I looked at the metro's display above the door which tells at which station you are and the next stations, I looked at where Kalkaji Mandir would be and saw that it's 4 stations ahead.  I sat and felt a bit chilly the AC in the metro was too cool, I started to feel a bit sluggish and sleepy, I remembered that there was no announcement made about the doors closing or anything, normally there would have been an announcement that doors were about to close or anything else, only the sound of the metro and horns from traffic we were going over remained. 

I woke up, suddenly remembering that I was on a metro, still, no one was here, weird, no one had gotten on the metro on other stations. The metro was stopped at a station, I saw that it was Kalkaji Mandir. The doors were about to close, I took my bag and sprinted onto the station disregarding the fact that no one was on the station, not a single person was on the station. I don't know but it felt like I had made a mistake getting off on the station. I looked back at the metro the door, it was already closed then I suddenly realized, the color, wtf, it was black. How the hell had I not noticed that. It was supposed to be purple, the line I was traveling on. 

I decided that I should look for the pink line station and move ahead, I followed the pink line on the floor directing me toward the pink line's station. There was no one there, not a single person in the entire station. It felt wrong, I started looking for the exit, thinking there might be some rickshawalas, cabs, or three-wheelers waiting outside. It was chilling, even if the whole station was air-conditioned it shouldn't have been so cold. While moving towards the exit I noticed it was completely dark outside you couldn't see anything, nada completely black, this was way too creepy. I sprinted for the exit. Stairs so many stairs, I saw a board directing exit to the left, above me, I felt a little relieved. I turned left, saw the stairs leading down. There was nothing there, nothing.  It was just as if this was the only building that existed and only the tracks leading from this station to others. There was only sand as far as I could see. It was dark, cold, empty, and felt like nothingness. I heard a metro on the metro bridge above my head, that seemed like my only way out of this. I proceeded towards the purple line thinking that maybe I could take the same metro back. I reached the station and was waiting for the metro, I could hear the metro was on its way.  Soon the metro would be here. 

Have you have ever had sleep paralysis. The same happened to me, I could not move. I was lying on the floor on my stomach, the metro was at the station, and the doors about to open, There was something else there, that thing, I could hear it moving towards me, I could not see it but I could definitely feel it.

As it got closer and closer, the doors opened. I knew I had to get inside this metro, I felt tremendous fear from the thing that was moving slowly towards me, I don't want it to see me but at the same time, I want to see it. Is it a human, or something else? I pushed and pushed but I just could not get up. 

Maybe I could roll, It was hard but I could do it, I rolled 3 times and got inside the metro. I saw the doors, just as they were closing. I could see, that the creature was standing just where I was lying before. It was seeing me and I was seeing it. Its expression was of regret, sorrow, and happiness at the same time. I could not take my eyes off this creature. Soon the doors closed and the train started to move.

It took some time to recover from what had happened, It was very uncomfortable but I wanted to see that creature again but also was very afraid of it at the same time. The metro reached my starting point, Lajpat Nagar. It seemed that the train had taken me back. I walked back home everything seemed normal. When I got back home, my mother asked me about the Job interview, I had completely forgotten about it. I lied and asked her if there was something left to eat from breakfast, I was hungry. 

She brought me a plate filled with poha, I asked when was this made she said in the breakfast. I was confused. Just as I was about to confront my mother about this my phone rang there was an email from the company I had the interview for, 

Hi,

It seems that you have passed stage 1 of the interview, we will soon contact you about stage 2.

Regards

MUC Pvt ltd. The hum of the air whooshing around the car accompanied my bored stares at the hours of towns, farms and coastal highways. My focus was only occasionally broken by my little brother chirping up to once again ask our parents "Are we there yet?", reminding me again why we were on this trip to begin with. 

My mom sighed, exhausted by what I’m sure was another migraine she would so often try to smile through. Sensing her frustration my dad chimed in with a quick "Almost, buddy". If I weren’t so numb from the hundreds of miles of road we'd already traversed, I would almost say my dad even sounded excited to answer that question this time. The sun was high in the sky by this point in our journey and the sound of cicadas flooded my ears as the car rolled to a stop. I peered up through my window to see dad had pulled over at a small roadside diner. The place was obviously well past its prime, but judging by the amount of big rigs parked in the neat rows to the side and the scattering of cars out front, it was still doing pretty well.

I hadn’t even noticed how hungry I was until the scent of grilled meat and syrup wafted over me. The sound of bells chiming called the waitress to attention. “Hey there guys, my name is Stacy and I’ll be taking care of you today“ she said happily while walking us to our booth. Cole asked our mom if he could have pancakes and she nodded, bringing a huge smile to his face. He was quite the people person even at just six years old. His bright blue eyes and curly brown hair drew people to him. Even our waitress couldn’t escape the six-year-old's charm. He regaled her with the story of how our grandpa was going on a long trip and didn’t need his big old house anymore so he got to have his very own bedroom now.

The next leg of our trip went much faster, helped no doubt by the full stomachs we had helping to lull both of us to sleep. As I came to, inside of the car I was washed with a soft orange glow and through the tree line I could see it. The house was a beautiful old Victorian style home with a stunning garden, although at the time I couldn’t have cared less.

The car kicked up loose gravel as we made our way down the long driveway. Mom mumbled something about how I had been here once before but I would have been way too young to remember. Dad pulled the car to a stop in front of the old house. Eager to get out and stretch my legs again, I was the first one out of the car.

As my family began to unload themselves from the car I walked toward the old house hearing Cole call for me in the background. I waited briefly to let him catch up to me so we could explore the new house together. The structure loomed dominant against the wild gardens and stone path that surrounded it. The two of us made our way laughing and racing to the back garden. The sounds of nature were new to me on this scale and I found the buzz of the cicadas exhilarating. I even went so far as to tell my brother they were the sound of the sun beams themselves. Following the stone path lead us to the tree line of the forest. The stone path turned to packed dirt as the cool air from the shady forest floor enveloped us. 

“Austin, look!“ Cole called to me, pointing down to an old pocket watch that he had found along the side of the path. He scooped it up quickly and inspected his new treasurer to be sure it was to his liking.

Mom called for us from the front of the old house and was just as eager to explore the inside as we were the outside of the house. I ran back to the car where our parents could be found pulling out our bags and setting them on the porch.

Dad noticed the watch shimmering in Cole’s hand and asked him where he had found it. We answered and dad shrugged stating that Grandpa must have dropped it at some point and that Cole could keep it since, like the house, grandpa didn’t really need it anymore.

“Why don’t the two of you go in and find your rooms?” mom said, seeming to now share in some of the excitement that I had detected earlier in dad. Not wanting to get the second choice of rooms I bolted into the house. Greeting me as I entered was a large dark oak stairway, curving and leading up to the bedrooms. As I ascended the stairs I couldn’t help it to take in how dusty the place was. A thin blue/gray layer seemed to blanket every surface in sight. At the landing along the bottom of the wall was a large ornate iron exchange vent cover billowing cool damp air onto me.

I chose the room with the best view of the back garden and woods lining it. From my vantage point I could even see the tips of the other similarly old houses peeking through the forest canopy.

That first night in my new room in our new house surrounded by strange foreign sounds and creaks from the age of the house left me with little sleep. As days went on and weeks passed I settled in a bit better. The creaking sounds late in the night still woke me up on occasion though. I also found myself growing frustrated with Cole. My things started going missing and days later would show up somewhere in the garden where he now spent the bulk of his time.

I’m not sure if it was from the isolation from other kids or just because we finally had room to play for the first time, but Cole began talking to a new imaginary friend. This didn’t strike me as anything particularly interesting as he had had plenty of imaginary friends before but this was the first one that seem to stick for more than a day or two. 

The most interesting thing to me in the house was the large vents and the occasional small door cut into the walls often leading to small crawlspaces or storage closets throughout the home. I could usually hear Cole talking through them, and although I knew there was no one actually with him it always unsettled me a little.

One evening when I was helping my mom with the monumental task of dusting the home I noticed small prints in the dust. Curious I followed the prints and each time the path would end at one of the vents or one of the little doors. When I showed them to our mom she seemed displeased but brushed it off saying “I’ll have your father pick up some rodent traps”. Satisfied with the situation I continued on with my day as normal.

As the last vestiges of light from the setting sun faded from my window I nestled into my blankets to sink into sleep. The sounds of the world faded and weightlessness took over me until I was forced awake by the sound of the stairs creaking followed by the click of what I thought must have been the back door. 

I stood hastily rubbing the sleep from my eyes taking in my surroundings. The familiar sound of walking on the stone pathway drew my attention to the back window. The moon was high in the sky, casting it’s cool white glow onto the world. As my eyes finally gained focus I realized I was looking at Cole slowly striding along the path in the direction of the tree line.

Unsure of what to do I ran to our parents room to wake them up. Clearly annoyed, dad hurried down the stairs and out the back door to stop Cole while mom rushed to throw on her old white bathrobe and followed soon after. Once back inside the house Cole claim to have no memory of getting out of bed to begin with. Mom, still sounding a bit worried, stated he must’ve been sleepwalking. As the two of us were sent back up to our beds I could hear the loud clicks of the old locks and mom scolding dad for not being sure they were locked before he had come to bed. 

Over the next few nights following Cole's sleepwalking episode I felt as though I was always being watched and that there were always eyes on me no matter where I went. I also found myself losing things more and more often. This built up to me yelling at Cole for hiding my shoes along the garden path. Storming back to my room I noticed one of the vent covers had shifted off. While I adjusted it I had heard a swift scuttle and saw what I could’ve sworn were little legs jet into Cole's bedroom. I followed into Cole’s room to investigate. The room seemed to be completely empty. I noticed, however that the glass on Cole's window was covered in small marks. Burned out from the evening, I trudged my way back to my bedroom and plopped down.

I woke abruptly to the sound of scratching all around me. The sound persisted as shadows shot through the room, zipping across my bedroom walls in the moonlight. My gaze darted to my window and there, staring back at me, were multiple small glowing eyes that met mine all at once. As quickly as I had been jolted awake I thought my world go black as I fell to the floor.

The following morning I found myself lying on the floor next to my bed. Crawling to my feet I called for my mom to come to my room and I told her everything I could remember from the night before. She patted my head and told me it was just a bad dream and that I was just hearing what was likely a mouse in the walls. 

That evening as I walked through the garden I noticed Cole standing where the stone path from our garden met the dirt path leading into the forest. He was holding the pocket watch we had found that first day, and he was murmuring something I couldn’t quite understand. I called out to him as I approached, but he didn’t seem to notice, staying transfixed on whatever it was he saw in the woods. Shaking him to break the trance he was in seemed to be the only thing that actually worked. The second he came to his eyes locked onto mine and with the most frightened look I have ever seen he said “I don’t want to play with them anymore“. Confused and overwhelmed I told him we should go inside to play for the rest of the day. He nodded in agreement and took my hand as I guided us back along the path to the back door. 

I tossed and I turned in my bed, plagued with the nightmares that night and waking violently to the sound of tapping on my window. Turning my gaze quickly there I saw what looked like 10 sets of glowing little eyes and before I could make any sense of the situation I heard the sound of scratching growing and billowing around me. Suddenly I was overcome with a swarm of small shadowy creatures all over me. 

When I attempted to scream for my parents I found myself completely paralyzed by fear. I only wish I had known that  they weren’t there for me, because as soon as they released me and scuttled off in different directions I ran directly to Cole’s room to see if he was okay. To my horror Cole was gone, nowhere to be found. I shot off to the ground floor of the house jumping out the back door calling for Cole. But I couldn’t see him. The sound of me must’ve woken my parents because I saw lights coming on in the house and heard my parents come running outside to meet me.

The next few months were dim and plagued with a huge sense of loss from both of our parents. As soon as I graduated I left that place behind me hoping to forget everything it had taken from me.

Both of my parents are gone now. I only made my way back to this place because I am the last one left and someone has to clean the place up to sell it. My parents never changed my brothers old room after that night he went missing. As I stood in there I could almost for a moment hear him asking my mom if he could have pancakes. Clinging to that memory I let out a sigh. “I miss you Cole”, I whispered. 

No sooner than having whispered those words did I hear the sound of scratching coming from the old ornate vent cover on the landing outside his door. As I shot my eyes down to inspect it, I saw the glimmer of an old pocket watch laying in front of it.

I have since sold the house and I made sure that I sold it to a family without children. If you find yourself moving to an old Victorian home nestled in the woods please don’t make the same mistake we did. Check your vents.

[\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_](https://youtu.be/6Vuhq5NdrFo)It has always gone without saying that one should respect their elders. The notion that the elderly generations have a wealth of wisdom that must, above all else, be revered has always been a difficult one for me to come to terms with.

Of course, I always understood it – older people are the link to a deceased and fading generation. They can tell their grandchildren stories of their own grandparents, and thus, in tales and talks besides a crackling fire, or in the merriment of their favourite whiskey, anchor the distance of perhaps over a hundred years on their shambling, hunched shoulders. They are a conduit in which the youth and the deceased may, for the briefest of moments, in spirited youth and spiritual memories, share the same space.

I remember my own grandmammy telling me, when I was a sprig of a girl, that her own grandmammy, “*God bless her brittle bones,*” was the only woman in their whole family that had auburn hair – which often was a point of contention between their mother and father. I never understood that until I got much older, and could deduce the connotations. But, as I bloomed from that sprig of a girl to a willow of a woman, my hair shifted from a murky brown, to a shimmering, silky auburn… the only one in the family. Thus, the knowledge of a woman long gone had directly offered a kindred link to a woman I’d never met.

But, not all stories were trivial connections of hair colour and similarities. Not all old people were soothing, sweet souls who wanted to knit weaning and waning generations together. Not all old people had the answers to other’s questions, nor, truly, even their own.

I know this, because, I am such an old person. When it came to be my turn to harbour, in this fragile coalescence, priceless wisdom of the endangered soon-to-be-forgotten world, I realised that I don’t have the answers- no, from cradle to grave, every one of us are inquisitive creatures who, for all intents and purposes, manage to glean infinitesimal motes of information about the globe. We know very little. We can teach very little. We can explain very little.

I’ve lived a long, true life. I state ‘true’ because I believe it to be so. True. Real. There has been happiness, there has been sadness, there has been trials, and tribulations – stress, hardship, elation. Variety, as they say, is the spice of life. But, as much as I agree, I wholly dislike that saying. Because, it isn’t the spice of life – it is the very quintessence of it. And ‘variety’, by definition, perhaps gives off the misguided and maladjusted hint of *choice*. It is not choice. Never choice. No matter what control you have over your life, regarding career, love, house, health and wealth, the rivers of fate cannot be manipulated. No matter how smooth your flow, you are always a thread away, in the tapestry of time, from flailing and failing.

You can try, oh, I beg you to do so. Please try. Grab control where possible. Dam the waters, etch new rivers, happen upon bifurcation, and choose the fork that you think is best, attempt to swim upstream when you realise you’re rushing headfirst in to a catastrophe… but, your choice is just a minor interruption in the bigger picture. Sooner, or later, your vessel, be it the broken log you’ve grasped on to all your life, or your luxurious yacht handed to you by your parents, will, no doubt, ever and always, plough forward at full-speed, sailing smooth here, white water rapids there, until ultimately, your time comes and you’re hurtling over the waterfall. And no-one knows what comes after.

It’s always the question of “what is next”, but never, “what is now”. However, old and withered as I am, I’ve happened upon something, of late, that has lurched my understanding of this planet - and its truths and mysteries - over the walls of, I suppose I could say, a modest sailing boat, which, itself, is rapidly breaking apart with me on it. The flotsam and jetsam of my life cannot be salvaged; I’m sick. I have been for many years, but, it was only recently it veered from a question of “when” to a “then”.

At least, that was the case until, this, ‘something’. This happenstance has erased both question and statement, and instead, replaced it with an “if”.

Allow this broken woman to explain. I write these words in my hospice. The walls are creeping with elegant, looping vines – all adorned with the myriad bulbs of sundry flowers I would have skipped to sniff as the sprig – with my flowing summer skirt, and gleaming innocent smile. When the sun stirs itself from slumbering darkness, and slowly sets out for its leisurely career across the bright, azure wonder above, it spills through my quaint little window, and cascades in to my room. Of all the alarm clocks I’ve battled with in my life, the very golden sun itself is my favourite.

This warm glow, like outside these walls where the world is healthy and thriving, kisses my wallpaper, and bestows a great vivacity unto them. I like to light my scented candles, and ask the sweet nurse who is always so gentle, and so kind to listen to an aged husk that has no family to anchor - as my grandmammy did for me – to open the window, just a slither, so the cold, brisk, mild or balmy air can rush in; gusts or zephyrs are welcome, when no other guests are expected.

Often, when my presence of mind is waning, as it does more often than not these days, I can claim it as a benefit. Because, when I wake from my hazed stupor, I realise my poor, melting mind has formed a memory that is untrue, fantastical, fairy tale: me, laying down in a meadow, resting in to a sweet lull, as I did in my youth, as the sun caresses my wrinkled face and the wind plaits my bristling, silvery hair. And in these memories, I always know *he* is nearby. *He* is off collecting some miscellaneous flora, or clambering up some lithe tree, or, he is behind me, letting my greyed hair and pallid flesh rest upon his strong legs, busying his delicate fingers with loose strands.

He was magnificent, and although our split was the hardest thing in the world, it almost seemed imperative – for me to live to such an age. For me to live at all. He was wild, he was charismatic, he was dangerous. But, of all, he was gone.

This isn’t a dissertation of loneliness and regret, mind. This is rather a, I suppose, attempt to prove true that saying of ‘respect your elders’, and dilute the mistrust of it, perhaps even for myself.

I was supposed to have children, actually. Whether I wanted them or not, it was the utmost wish, upon the highest of graces, from my mother and father to settle down and bring forth progeny. Maybe they wanted me to be happy, as they were with me. Maybe they wanted insurance that their name would live on. Maybe, possibly, perhaps, or suppose – it is all irrelevant now.

Though, I tried. Oh, I did try. My family were affluent, especially in my youth. As I grew older, and competitors sprouted up like the goblins of our childish fancies, we weren’t as prime in our comfort and social standing, but we never flailed or fumbled. This, all those years ago, carved my belonging, my very purpose, in circles that enjoyed balls, gowns, tobacco and gossip. I must admit, I did enjoy all these – but the latter was my favourite. I’d been lucky enough to visit all corners of the globe, as the saying goes, and claim friendship with lords and ladies, who were customers of my parents.

I’d clinked flutes, the crystal *ting* piercing above the swinging band, to solidify friendships with more women than I can remember the names of. I’d bandied words, and either dodged, reflected, or, of course, deflected advances from gentlemen who were so dapper and dangerous that no soul who authored a fairy tale would dare tailor them in to their words and happily ever afters. I could step off a boat in almost any country, any continent, and be welcomed as a guest of honour by countless Counts and Countesses, Dukes and Duchesses, Earls and Barons and Princes and Princesses and, oh, they’d be thrilled to have me back. I can’t blame them, I was marvellous company, and, as I hinted, always had the finest gossip – tastier than the most remarkable victuals, or oldest drinks they could get. I was a woman of the world. I was a socialite, I was the very definition of intercontinental, of cosmopolitan.

I knew I was lucky, and so, I danced, and sang, and flirted, and drank, and smoked, and made the party scene my home. Why, it was almost my job. I’d liaise with father’s clients, and meet with mother’s potential clients, using the whims of my wit to fasten a secure deal. Some of the parties were thrown in my favour. It was a wild wave of excitement, faces, fancies, finery and music until… I met him.

The man who ended it all. That sounds rather more ominous than intended. I should rephrase to ‘the man who made me want to end it all’. Perhaps that sounds worse. In any term, I met Alistair, and all of sudden, parties paled in comparison to what wilful living he partook in.

I laid eyes on him, amongst many others who tried to court me that night. Yet all in comparison seemed inferior, inane, vapid. He was wearing a rather dated suit, something that belonged somewhere in the realms of the eighteen hundreds, when women’s and men’s fashions blurred lines.

He had slim trousers that showed slim, muscular legs – I watched as they danced and travelled the hall with great elegance. His chest was puffed out by ruffles, which were tamed by the striking blue waistcoat, only to rush out of his sleeves in neat clouds, as if gasping for air beneath the calm blue. Even with the actively marred silhouette, I could tell he was broad-shouldered, imposing, effortlessly strong. His hair was black, sleek, and though his flesh had a stark paleness in comparison, rather than jolt in its difference, the contradiction seemed to harmonise, and frame his face - a picture that outshone the beauty of every prize piece in all the galleries I’d visited.

Was he an angel? Was he a demon? Was he a vision?

I skittered over to him, for the first time in longer than I can remember, feeling terrified. I felt like a moth fluttering toward a flame, and knowing it may scorch and silence me, taking the risk anyway. I’d watched him speaking to people before I built up the courage, straight-backed and strong stance, his hands gesticulating in a manner that seemed carefully orchestrated, necessary, rather than the flailing and pointing so many others use to compensate for their lack of precision in language. His smile was devilish, a swift curt lift of his lip, to the right, which revealed only a sudden and brief glimpse at the impossibly white teeth.

I suppose his garb was what drew me to him. I’d read all the romantic novels of the era just recently tucked away in books and schools, and I suppose, having been spoiled for choice amongst the modern Newland Archers that were almost quotidian as to be tiresome, this dated attire aided his debonair allure. It seemed as if the man I’d read about was standing before me, epitomising class, taste and grace.

I tapped him on the shoulder, and it felt as if touching the busts of great leaders I’d been lucky enough to see – in physical sense and effortless respect. So ineffectual did my tap feel, that I was suddenly struck with the possibility that… it didn’t register. Yet, before the urge to flee, or spin him around, could fully form, he turned. Slowly, swiftly, an epoch or a fraction of a second, and those eyes, slightly sunken in darker patches, which again, somehow bolstered his beauty, were looking upon me. He was expectant, one black eyebrow ever so slightly arched in anticipation. I, ashamedly, had no idea what to say. Up close, I could see there were no blemishes, no accidents of youth that marred his flesh. In fact, there was nothing but smooth, clean skin. No scar, no freckle, no mole; nothing that would, or could distract me. No, his framed, unblemished face acted almost as a magnet to focus his eyes; a mesmerising violet, or claret, or… I was hypnotised by them. My heart race began to gallop, my thoughts swam in to a wild whirlpool, and suddenly just standing upright was incredibly difficult. For a moment, I felt as if I was a wounded gazelle before a blood-lusting lion – I was trapped, stuck, prey.

His lip twitched in to that striking smile, and I was brought in to the room again. In that pressed moment, the band stopped, the din of laughter and conversation fizzled, and the world paused. All that existed was *him*, and, not *me*, but rather, *his* focus.

“Enchanté,” he spoke, a voice as smooth as velvet and as rare as vicuña. My hand was quickly clasped in his, cold as ice, tough as steel, yet contradictorily, delicate as a promise. My arm was weak and limp as he rose it to his mouth, and I wanted to snap it back to my chest, but also to abandon it to him, for him.

I have no idea what I said in response. My recollection of that is blurred beneath an entranced, enthralled veil. For some reason, he took a liking to me, and decided to spend more time with me than any of the other ladies and gentlemen he had been speaking to. I was completely in control of myself, yet, it was as if I was giving myself to his whims and wants, because they were now complicit with my own. I was his prized puppet, and people were jealous of his craftsmanship.

Unlike the others, he didn’t rely on alcohol to fill him with personality – in fact, he didn’t drink or eat for the entire time. Strangely, for one who enjoys the hobby of great food and greater drinks, I seemed to be sustained by his presence alone. I didn’t need even a sip or a nibble – I needed him. Instead, we devoured music and space on the dancefloor; his shining shoes travelling across with nary a slip, scuffle or sound, whereas my dress - guided to and fro, spinning in delightful concentric circles with his confident lead - whispered secrets of pleasure on the varnished floor. I remember looks of consternation and resentment from others, men and women, both, and I knew none of them were jealous of him, only of me, being his object of desire.

The two of us left the ball before midnight, journeying out on to the vast garden grounds, in which the silk, liquid moon poured icy light upon carefully pruned trees and tight, bustling flowerbeds. My chest was heaving from the flurry of activity we left behind, and I was grateful to drink in great gulps of cool, dark air. He, though, walked out straight-backed, broad-shouldered and brimming with poise – looking for all who might see, as if he’d not spent all evening executing exquisite displays of dancing talent. There was not a single black strand out of place upon his head, nor did he revel in the coolness offered by the night. He was stoic, collected, controlled. My breath puffed and peppered before me, slowly acquiescing in to a calm, but still excited rhythm.

We walked the grounds for a while, and he would point out minute details of interest in the distance, which, to me, were but pools of obscure, inky darkness. Yet, as we journeyed closer in our leisurely gait, the object he described so eloquently would slowly begin to form, blooming from the bed, dangling from the tree, or sitting proudly atop an ornate stone plinth. I complimented him on such fantastic sight, and he brushed it off, humble as a martyr, claiming he’d spent much of his life hunting in such darkness. For him, a dim glimmer from a clouded moon was as revealing as a sharp, dazzling ray from a mid-June sun.

We ventured to the far end of the gardens, in which the great maze - a popular and well-renowned feature of this property – stood tall, meandering and inviting. I turned to him with a wilful smirk, and suggested he showed me just how good of a hunter he was. His countenance barely shifted, but with his oil-black pupils surrounded in those dark, violet eyes, his focus shifted from my smile to the entrance and back. “You have ten,” he said, and then nodded his head to indicate I rushed in.

I did so, quickly and excited. Though, as soon as I was within, I felt something queer. As if an elastic band, some kindred bond between us, was being stretched too taut. I didn’t want to escape him – I wanted spin around, and run back, dive in to his arms as if he was the sole protector, as if he was my priority. It was a bewildering sense of dependency, considering I’d known him but for a fraction of one, silent night. I had already lost myself by the time I made the decision to run back to him, my thoughts seemed to slip right out of my head, unable to think properly. As if bewitched.

I took a turn, another, then sprinted down one corridor, where I could see dulled flowers popping hither and thither on the great forest-green walls. And then, I heard a moaning, a grunting – some distress? “Hello?” I called, and it stopped, until a stifled giggling filled the silence. I rounded the corner to see two of the party’s occupants utilising the secrecy of the maze in a manner that wasn’t quite congruent with its purpose. Yet, rather than joking, or reprimanding them, my first instinct was to call for help. I felt drunk and hungover, though I’d drank very little at the start and nothing since spending the evening with Alistair. However, before even a word could slip out, I felt a shadowed presence behind me. I didn’t hear a footstep, didn’t hear a rogue breath, didn’t hear anything other than the couple before me, and the lull of night all around me. I froze as two arms slipped between mine, and spun me around.

I was looking in to those dark eyes once more, brooding and imposing, looking down on me with intrigue, curiosity, and victory. “You wouldn’t last a second, should you have been my prey.”

I actually giggled at that. Once again feeling completely safe, completely exposed, completely fragile. He gave one lazy look at the couple who, despite the audience, thought it fitting to continue with their activity. He studied them with one quick scan, reading some information I didn’t- couldn’t glean, and then took my hand to lead me away. He didn’t fumble, didn’t pause to think, but walked directly down corridor after corridor until we were looking back out upon the immense gardens.

We sat, then, on a bench and the two of us exchanged dancing and dallying for discourse – though, it seemed to be me talking more than him. Yet, as soon as I answered one question, he had the next ready, so that by the time the warmth from the ball had fizzled in to the chill of the night, he’d known more about me than near anyone else I’d feigned interest in.

I tried to ask about him, whenever I could slip in a question – mostly when I managed to form it in advance, and expertly inject it in to the tail-end of answering one of his own. But, he was taciturn and reticent when it came to his own life. I’d already deduced he hunted sometimes, but whether for sport or profession wasn’t clear. He told me his line of work was not for the faint of heart, and though he mostly worked for himself, his boss was an individual of immense importance and reach, that to ever infuriate him was akin to self-destruction. “But,” he added, after witnessing the expression on my face quickly grow to intrigued fear, “I’m very good at what I do.” He told me little about his family. Little about his colleagues. He disclosed that he travels a lot, usually alone but sometimes with other colleagues – they will often stay in a town, village or city for a month or so before moving on to the next. Little about his hobbies, interests, hopes and desires. Everything was about *me*, or external comments. The mystery was as magnetic as the man – I’d been around so many whose favourite topic was *them*, so to be around someone who deflected with practiced precision was a breath of fresh air.

As white-satin clouds sailed listlessly across the sky, the grand manse had started to flicker in to sleep, the many lights that peeked out from arched windows shut off, like some inconsistent measure of time, until finally we watched from far across the distance, as the guests stumbled in to carriages and carts, clearly having discarded the grace and decorum they arrived with. The ends of the balls always stripped away the wealthy of their ‘breeding’, and it was then you could see the truth behind the title. A prince does not look quite so princely, when his sycophantic entourage are forced to heave him on their shoulders and dodge, or trudge through, the trail of royal vomit.

I felt a strange duality. There was a tiredness deep within me, like a seed of sense craving for rest. But, it was hushed and snuffed by my fixation on this man. I’d never, in all my time, felt anything quite like it. It was as if turning away from him was sinful, blasphemous – why should I look upon a grand manse or exotic plants, when before me was someone who outshone their beauty, even under a starred sky?

Alistair seemed to feel none of the wariness; he was still upright, smiling, relaxed and attentive. He scooped me up in an effortless motion, and guided me to my own carriage. My driver had been slumbering within, which is something I urged him to do should I ever be absent later than the time I state I’ll be back. He shuffled out and clambered to his seat, and Alistair sat me down, before uttering in a caramel voice, “Thank you, madam, for spending your night with a strange man.” Then he leant in, taking my chin between his thumb and forefinger, to angle my cheek near his mouth. I heard an intake of, not breath, but *desire*, as the thumb ventured down to my bare neck. Then he whispered, “But, I urge you to be more cautious in the future. This town is currently not safe for a woman of your stock or stature.”

There was no warmth in his tone, nor no heat from his breath. But, mesmerised, entranced, ensorcelled as I was, I smiled at the subtle threat. “Then, I suppose you should accompany me to my quarters, to keep me safe until the morning?” My words clouded in little puffs of vapour upon the chill morning air. I blushed at the adventurous audacity – I was never the one to invite, rather always the one to decline invites, but the spell this man cast upon me was ethereal.

He smiled then, looking upon my reddened cheeks with some expression of appreciation, and leant back, allowing himself a little laugh…

Something about this induced an immense terror in me, and though captivated as I was, I had a bizarre suspicion that this man was, in sooth, not at all the charming individual I’d assumed. “I’m not what you’d call a morning person, Eliza,” he said.

“But-” I tried to challenge his declination, or to hold him in my vision for a while longer as if to sleuth what that instant of terror may have stemmed from. But, he gave a smart rap on the carriage door, and told my driver to head on home.

After only a few seconds of motion, I felt an almost overwhelming snap in my mood. I was exhausted, I was trembling, I was famished, I was thirsty… I suddenly felt fragile, human needs that seemed to fizzle when in his company. I stole a look back through the rear window of the carriage, wanting one last glance at this man, but all I could see was a gravel path, limned white, and a vast emptiness - an emptiness that reflected my pitiable emotions.

I felt a longing, a need, a pining to launch myself from the door, and seek his company once more. I’d never felt anything so powerful in my life. Though, in my mind, I kept replaying the last image of him in my mind, holding it before me like a prized possession. Watching him, as he laughed. And questioning, why, just *why* it spooked me so much.

As I groaned, and watched another tendril of exasperated vapour slip from my lips, it dawned on me.

Alistair’s laugh authored no such condensation. In fact, I’d been sat close, stood close, danced close to him for the entire night. It seemed all like a dream there, but already, it was like I was waking to my senses. Once again becoming acquainted with myself, not the version of myself that existed solely as Alistair’s companion. Not once did I feel the warmth of breath, nor when pressed against him feel a heartbeat, racing or complacent.

This whole night, that man was not breathing.

I began to pray as the carriage rolled on - though, unsure of what prayers were apt, I was mostly pouring gratitude to the Lord Almighty, as well as, oddly enough, begging for forgiveness. I felt the stink of disrepute upon me. I sat under thick covers shaking, though whether it was fretting from this realisation, for my safety, or the throes of battling some extreme addiction, I didn’t know. Yet, as I went on, and the manse slowly began shrink in to shadows, above the sound of clunky, chugging wheels on cobbled stone, I heard two distinct screams. I knew instantly who they belonged to, as I’d heard their tone – in much different circumstances – a short time ago.

This Alistair… he was something dangerous, something disastrous, something desirous.

And, naïve as I was, I was going to stay in that town until I found out *what*."Why the fuck is the assembly line stopped, Miles?" Perry, my "direct" supervisor asked. The cavernous room where the worker bees toiled every day was empty. Honestly, part of my job as "quality control" lead is making sure the workers don't get too burned out. Otherwise, quality will start to slip. Accidents happen. 

Morale plummets. 

So sometimes I stop the line, claim there's a "wrench in the machine." 

Perry, once he finds someone had deactivated it via a lever, just shakes his head and calls me incompetent. 

But he can't argue with the results. I keep the workers happy, they churn out quality darkness, and the whole process continues to hum along. 

On this particular night, Perry sniffed out the problem immediately, and I rubbed the back of my head with a clueless expression on my face. 

"We've had more hours of productivity wasted because someone keeps turning off the line, then claims it's broken," Perry said, and I could see his chin net bobbing up and down as he talked. 

"I'm just quality control, man," I replied. 

"Whatever. Anyway, why don't you get out of my hair and head to break? I want to check out some other things first." 

I smirked as I headed to the break room, walking the long, chilly hallway to the small room with vending machines I increasingly called a life. 

The whole crew was there. Jim, Kevin, Sarah and Charlotte. Others too, but I talked to them the most, had a rapport. Like usual, they were all clustered at one table, on their phones, giving me brief smiles as I walked in. I took off my hairnet in a wave of tiredness, and hurried to the vending machines to pop in a few dollars to receive my customary can of soda, and pre-made sandwiches. 

"Perry being an asshole again?" Jim asked, raising both eyebrows like he did every time one of those questions came out of his mouth.

I nodded. 

"Nothing new, then," Charlotte jumped in, putting her phone down to take a bite of her homemade meatball sub. "Man, Perry's a dick, ever since he fired Caleb that's been my opinion of him."

"Wait, Char, he fired Caleb? When the hell did this happen?! Thought he quit a week ago," I said. I was sort of pissed, being kept out of the loop like this.

Charlotte just shook her head and laughed, taking another bite of her sub. I could smell the delicious herbs from where I was standing, and looked down at my vending machine ham and cheese with mild distaste. Charlotte looked at me and laughed again, basically reading my mind. She tore off half of her sandwich and put it in a paper plate, sliding it over. 

"Bless you, child," I said, and took a seat next to them. "But what's the story with Caleb, why did he get fired?" I asked. I was genuinely interested in the reason. Caleb had been a good worker, had a ton of seniority on the rest of us and was always teaching me useful things. 

"Well, you know him, always shooting his mouth off," Jim said, leaning forward and eyeing my part of the meatball sub. I pulled the plate over to me protectively. "Still, knowing Perry the dumb fucker deserved it..."

I suppose that's what got it all started. Us wanting to get a little petty revenge on Perry for what he did. 

We were out having a little smoke break. I was watching the snow melt off the tin roofs of the various buildings which were a part of the factory. Night had fully bloomed about an hour ago, so my only sources of illumination were artificial lights from those massive grey structures. Everything had a sort of tainted beauty, and the horrifying thing was that anyone driving by would just think this was another rusting factory in the heartland. 

"I say we use Perry's elitism against him. Doesn't want to take a break with us. Well, so much the better," Jim said flicking some ash onto the slush near his feet. A light drizzle started coming down a few minutes ago, adding to the melting snow. 

"What do you mean?" I asked. 

 "Better make this quick Jim, speaking of the devil, Perry will be sniffing around soon," Charlotte jumped in. "And since we're a man short, he'll make us pull more hours."

"Pretty much does that anyway. Look, I say we have a little fun with him....," Jim went on.

His plan was simple. Wait until Perry went on break, then one of us would take his keycard from the table he placed it on (stealthily of course), and he'd most likely forget it while going on his own smoke break. Effectively locking himself out.

But that wasn't all Jim had planned. 

We'd eventually let Perry back in, before that though we'd go back to his office, see if we could find anything interesting. 

In a way, everything that happened was Perry's fault. He'd been working the piss out of everyone for a couple of months already by that point, not caring if we saw our families. Resentment had plenty of time to build up, and I guess Jim had nothing better to do on his breaks than concoct this little plan. 

Charlotte was just looking at me, Kevin and Sarah too, for approval. I gave a slight nod, and they all smiled. 

The rain picked up, making Jim wince as it snuffed out the glowing end of his cigarette. We took that as our cue to go back inside, and get to business. Tonight was THE night, I told myself. If we didn't have our little rebellion then, we never would. 

As everyone else went back to work, I lingered in the break room, waiting for Perry to arrogantly swagger through the doorway, taking off his chin net with flair. 

He did so as predicted, going to the vending machine to buy himself a soda. Then he sat down and just glared at me, daring me to give a reason as to why I was just sitting there. 

"Why aren't you working?" he asked silently with a snarky look. I decided to launch into my usual speech about giving the workers more time off, and Perry rolled his eyes, absentmindedly setting the keycard down to get up and pace the room, ready to have it out with me. 

As soon as his back was turned, I palmed the keycard and slid it into my pocket. After a few minutes of general bickering, Perry's lower jaw clenched and he said he needed a smoke to calm him down. If he'd been more astute, he'd realized I usually went after him to continue the conversation.

Once I heard the door click shut, I quickly headed for the room with the assembly line, gave a thumb's up to everyone.

The five of us then stalked down the cold concrete hallways (darkness has to be kept at a certain temperature), and then down a narrow corridor to Perry's office. I opened the door, and we all crowded in, chuckling. 

At first, we were all pretty bored. He didn't have much in the office except a desk, a picture of his family, and a few paintings which alluded to his poor taste. It was Jim who found the button behind the painting of a serene, darkened landscape. 

Then things got interesting because it opened up a secret passage. I poked my head through it, and a long metal catwalk stretched into the dimness. 

The horrifying part had been the bodies that had been strung up, fat tubes sucking out the dark semi-liquid we fashioned into luxury goods for a few very select clients (and even they weren't allowed to talk about it in public). All this time, I'd been wondering where exactly it came from, and the only thing Perry could say was that the source was "confidential."

I just stared in horror, and everyone else echoed what I was feeling in different ways. Sarah gasped. Charlotte screamed. Kevin said, "Oh my god...," then started to hyperventilate. Jim didn't say anything, but I assumed he was as shocked and frightened as the rest of us. 

Charlotte stuttered something about calling the police, but as soon as she took her phone out, the lights flickered and died. I heard all their screams for several moments, then silence. When the lights decided to come back on after several agonizing minutes of dread, soft laughter echoed in the cavernous room. I could see large metallic vats stretching out for the length of a football field. There were clusters of bodies above each vat, all that darkness being removed by thick, unfeeling tubes. 

I noticed Kevin first. He had a look of pure terror on his face, and a tube extended from his mouth to the top of one of the vats. The others were there, too. Charlotte and Sarah. 

Except Jim. I stared at the ceiling for a long time, trying to find Jim, but none of the bodies looked like him at all. 

There turned out to be a reason for that. 

At the end of the catwalk, I descended some metal stairs and stood at its foot. Jim and Perry were standing not far from where I was. The former seemed a little ashamed, and it took me a minute to realize I'd been betrayed.

Perry strode forward with an odd kind of nobility, but it wasn't him completely. From the neck down, I recognized his workman's uniform, the slightly pudgy build. His face looked monstrous, a shade of dull grey, a cluster of eyes on the left side of his face, while the other featured a yellowed horn. 

He came forward, patting Jim's hunched shoulders as he did so. He said he'd been wanting to get rid of my slovenly crew for well over a year, and he just needed the right time and place to do it. Once we were lured to his office, he could unleash the full might of his powers without anyone else seeing. 

Of course, Jim only used the plan Perry had given him, and once we were there, the rest was history. Jim stabbed me in the back not just out of fear, but because he wanted a promotion. 

"Jim here will be leading quality control," Perry said, his smile was toothless, gummy and horrifying. 

Which meant I had been demoted. Honestly it could've been far worse. They could've killed me and strung me up above one of those bottomless seeming vats. 

Now I'm on the maintenance shift, and I can't remember the last time I've seen the sun (I'm typing this out on the company computer). 

Harold, one of the other janitors, claimed he saw what happened that night, but didn't dare say anything to any of his co-workers or especially Perry. He claimed that he saw a flash of something, dull grey and a "cone of glowing eyes in the dark." 

At least I know he heard the screams too. We talk about it sometimes as we mop of the puddles of excess darkness that leak from the sides of the tubes. 

It was during one of those talks that Harold let me in on a little secret. He took me to one of the vats near the back of the room, and right above one of them I glimpsed a shriveled husk of a man. The body looked emaciated, its hands were like hooks with skin on them. 

"You might not recognize him, but I did when he first came in," Harold began, his smile empty of hope but filled with an unspoken terror.

"Who is it?" I asked, even though my intuition already had an idea. 

"Caleb," Harold replied. "Now we better get to work if we don't want to end up like him...," he finished ominously. 

I picked up my mop from its resting place against the wall, working it into the bubbling darkness. I could feel Jim's predatory eyes on me. 

[X](https://www.reddit.com/r/MilesCastle/)I don’t get much sleep. Sometimes, it’s the rain that keeps me up at night. Other times, it’s the bad dreams. Sometimes, I close my eyes and I can hear them moving… Restless. Angry. Alive.

They probably hate me.

I’d hate me.

&#x200B;

I don’t know if what I did to them is right or wrong. I don’t know if it makes me a coward. But I don’t think I had a choice. Not really…

I suppose I should start at the beginning, shouldn’t I?

&#x200B;

My name is Megan Daniels, but some of my close friends call me Spacegirl. I’m a history major at Upper Lake University in Tevam Sound, but maybe one day I’d like to work in a museum.

&#x200B;

I… Have a bit of a gift. Well. I’m not sure if I’d call it a gift. But I don’t have any other words to really describe it. What exactly do you call it when everything you draw or paint comes to life?  I can’t control it. Believe me when I say that I’ve tried. When they’re calm, they aren’t that much trouble. But when they’re angry? When someone pisses them off? That’s where the problems start. I might not be able to control them, but they’re still loyal to me in their own way. For as long as I can remember, every time someone has hurt me, every time someone has made me angry enough, they’ll come for them and sometimes… Whoever they come for doesn’t survive.

&#x200B;

I don’t want things to be this way. I don’t want to hurt anyone, I never did! But like I said, I can’t control them. I can’t make them stop. I can’t…  It’s why I stopped.

&#x200B;

Drawing, painting. It used to mean so much to me. It was calming. These days, I just can’t do it anymore. I can’t keep making things that I know could hurt people and I can’t keep living with the constant fear that sooner or later, someone else is going to push me, and I won’t be able to stop what happens to them. Maybe if I was braver, I would have burned everything. Destroyed my old artwork, and put it all behind me for good. I considered it… But I could never bring myself to take that final step. Cruel as my creations could be… I couldn’t destroy them. It’s hard to destroy the things you’ve poured your heart and soul into. It’s easier to lock them away and so that’s exactly what I did. I locked them in a chest and I’ll never open it again.

&#x200B;

I know they hate me for what I did.

I know they do.

But I had no choice.

It’s been 4 years since I buried everything and I wish I could tell you I regretted it. But for the first time in my life, everything seemed okay. Everything was going alright. I could just… live my life without the constant fear that I’d wake up and find one of the paintings on my wall missing its subject, or that someone else would wind up dead. It had been 4 years since anybody had gotten hurt and I was actually happy for a change!

I was.

But I should know better than that by now, shouldn’t I? Good things aren’t supposed to happen to bad people.

&#x200B;

It wasn’t the rain that kept me up the other night. It wasn’t a bad dream either. Sleep just wouldn’t come, no matter how badly I wanted it to. I’d buried myself under the covers at 8, and last I’d checked the clock it was sometime around 12. I could hear my roommate in the next room, her voice and her movements muffled. I could also faintly hear the voice of the classmate she’d been working on some sort of project with. She was a bit more of a night owl than I was, not that I minded. I’d been dealing with insomnia long before she and I had started living together, and she wasn’t all that noisy.

&#x200B;

Jane and I had been living together for about a year and, so far everything was going great. She’s been a good friend to me for a while now… Actually, I guess I’d say she’s probably one of my best friends. She’s seen the worst of me and stuck around so I figure that has to mean something, right? Even when I decided to lock everything away, she was right there with me. I don’t need to pretend I’m anything that I’m not around her and it’s… refreshing.

&#x200B;

I’m not really a social person. People make me nervous. Most of the time, I feel like I’m waiting for them to turn on me. Like the second they see me, some switch in their head is going to flip, and they’ll hate me on instinct. It’s hard to explain and I know it’s probably irrational but I just can’t help it. But when I’m with Jane… It’s easier to be around people. I don’t find myself worrying as much about what a bunch of strangers think of me. It’s like I can finally relax, even if it’s only just a little bit. It’s easier to get out of my shell around her and I’m not sure if I really have the words to describe just how good it feels.

&#x200B;

I suppose if I had one complaint, it’s that I didn’t like it when any of her old boyfriends came over. It’s not that there was anything happening! I just… didn’t really like any of them. It’s hard to explain why, although I’m sure there had to be a reason. None of them ever lasted that long, so I guess Jane didn’t like them either. It wasn’t any of my business anyways…

&#x200B;

As the clock crept closer and closer to one in the morning, I sat up in bed. My back hurt from trying to get comfortable. I felt overtired, and I hated it. When I get too tired, I get headaches and I can barely function.

&#x200B;

Maybe a nightcap was in order.

&#x200B;

I got up out of bed and headed over to my desk. From the cabinet just on top of it, I took out a bottle of rum that was lighter than it should have been. I crept out of my bedroom to slip away into the kitchen and put a kettle of tea on. I know it's probably not the best way to put yourself down, but some nights it's the only thing that works. Better a few hours of restless sleep than no sleep at all.

&#x200B;

As I waited for the water to boil, I caught myself wandering over to the apartment window. Tevam Sound is a small town and at that time of night, there’s nobody out on the street. The rain was coming down hard and the darkness of the sky was lit up by the occasional flash of lightning. It was kind of pretty, actually… By the light of the streetlamps, I could see countless droplets of rain dancing on the asphalt below. I like to enjoy the little beauties of existence… The colors of the sky, the sight of moonlight on the lake, the smell of a new book and the simple beauty of rainfall.

&#x200B;

From the corner of my eye, I caught something moving and for a moment I thought that it was somebody out on the street. It was too dark to be sure. I wondered who would be out so late at night, especially in this weather. As the figure passed into the darkness, I found myself searching for another glimpse of them. There was movement gliding past one of the streetlights, but I couldn’t get a good look at whoever or whatever it was although the longer I looked, the more certain I became that it wasn’t a person. For starters, it was too tall. Maybe about nine or ten feet tall. It also seemed to be walking on four legs. A deer perhaps? No… Deer weren’t that big. Maybe a moose? But judging by what brief glimpses I got of its hide, it wasn’t the right color. It looked almost white and the shape of its body didn’t seem right for a moose.

&#x200B;

The unknown animal kept walking, staying just on the edge of the street lights, so it would be difficult to get a good look at. It moved with purpose, as if it had someplace to be. At last, I saw it move into the light. I was right. It hadn’t been a deer or a moose… It looked more like a horse. My first thought was that somebody's Clydesdale had fancied an evening stroll but when it paused, I felt a chill run through me.

&#x200B;

There was a horn on its head, one that was at least two feet long. The silhouette of it was unmistakable. I wasn’t looking at a horse. I was looking at a Unicorn. Its head turned, looking towards my apartment… No… Not my apartment. At me.

&#x200B;

Through the pounding rain and the clinging shadows, I could feel a set of eyes on me. Staring right through me. Hating me.

I looked back at it, my pulse starting to race, and then… Nothing.

&#x200B;

All I did was blink and the Unicorn was gone. The street seemed a little bit brighter than before, bright enough that nothing could have hidden on it and there was certainly no animal standing out there, Unicorn or otherwise. My heart was still racing. It took me a moment before I realized that my hands were shaking.

&#x200B;

I looked back out onto the street again, desperately searching for any sign of the Unicorn but there was nothing. Just the rain. The howl of the kettle going off snapped me out of my thoughts and nearly made me scream. I glanced back out the window.

&#x200B;

There was no Unicorn.

There probably never had been.

I told myself that I just needed some sleep… I was overtired and my mind was playing tricks on me, that was all.

&#x200B;

I poured myself a cup of tea and mixed in a generous shot of rum before heading back to my bedroom. Once I’d closed the door behind me, I paused and set my mug aside to get down on the floor and check under the bed. The trunk was right where I’d left it, locked and all but forgotten. All of my old things, the drawings, the paintings, all of the demons I’d locked away were right where they belonged... Right where they were going to stay.

Satisfied, I got up and took a sip from my mug. The nightcap did the trick, just like it always had.

&#x200B;

I’ve always liked fantasy. When I was very young, my favorite stories were always those of faraway, magical lands with noble knights, Dragons, elves and fae. Some of the very first things I ever drew were my own attempts at those things and my favorite among them was the Unicorn Prince.

&#x200B;

I imagined him as a proud, noble, and honorable knight. A kind warrior who stood for those who couldn’t stand up for themselves. I must have drawn him countless times, each time refining his look, each time getting a little bit better…

&#x200B;

When I was a little girl, the Unicorn Prince was my best friend and as my ‘ability’ grew stronger, so did he. Sometimes, when my Mom wasn’t looking I’d sneak out to a spot in the park behind our house, hidden by the trees and I’d set him free. We’d go on little ‘adventures’ and play together. I’d draw newer and better versions of him, I’d even draw new friends for us both to hang out with. I’m sure that most people would tell me I’m lucky, being the four year old girl who got to make her own Unicorn. Maybe in some sense, I was lucky. But nothing is ever free. Everything comes with a cost.

&#x200B;

I was four years old the first time I saw him kill. It was just a coyote that had wandered into the park and snapped at me… But the Prince killed it all the same. Have you ever seen an animal trampled to death? I assure you, it's not something you’d want a small child to witness.

&#x200B;

As I got older, the incidents piled up. Whenever someone pushed me too hard, whenever another kid at school hit me or made me cry… He was usually the one who came to collect. I could see the splashes of red on the paper I’d drawn him on, red that hadn’t been there before. I could hear the rumors at school and I could see the guilt in my Moms eyes. She always knew when it had happened again. Always.

&#x200B;

I had no choice but to lock them all away… The alternative was to go the rest of my life, terrified of them, of *him*. I never wanted anybody to get hurt and locking them all away was the only way I could be sure that no one ever would.

I did the right thing, didn’t I?

&#x200B;

Somehow, I managed to get through most of my classes the next day. Coffee helped, but it only ever helps for so long before you crash. I skipped my last period in order to head back to the apartment for a nap and managed to get a solid three hours of sleep until I was woken by a knock on my bedroom door, some time around 6.

&#x200B;

“Hey Spacegirl, you up?”

It was Jane. She sounded fairly chipper.

“Kinda.” I groaned as I picked myself up. My hair was messy  and I tried to smooth it down.

“Well, it's kinda Friday night.” Jane replied, “I was thinking of heading down to the Amber Mill. I think MJ’s coming too. You want in?”

&#x200B;

My mind took a moment to make sense of the words she’d said. Stopping by the Amber Mill for a drink had become a little ritual of ours. It was a good way to unwind after a busy week. After skipping a class, I sort of felt like I didn’t deserve it but I wasn’t going to say no. Besides, if I’d kept sleeping I’d end up awake in the middle of the night again and I’d hate myself for it.

“Give me a sec…” I murmured, “I’ll be right out.”

&#x200B;

I did as much as I needed to, to make myself look decent and wore my hair up to hide the fact that it looked messy. Jane and MJ probably wouldn’t care that much. Jane was waiting by the door by the time I came out. As usual, she looked incredible. She’d gotten her hair cut a few weeks ago and I still couldn’t help admiring how good shorter hair looked on her.

“You took your sweet time, didn’t you?” She teased.

“Sorry…”

“It’s fine, you don’t need to apologize.” She had a playful smile that faded quickly and I could see a bit of concern in her eyes, “Still not sleeping?”

“Not really, no.”

“Shit, I wasn’t keeping you up last night, was I?”“No. It’s not you, I promise.”

&#x200B;

I tried to smile back at her but she didn’t look convinced.

“C’mon. Let’s go. MJ told me there’s supposed to be a good cover band playing tonight. It’ll be fun.”

I was out the door before Jane could raise any further concerns and she followed along.

&#x200B;

The Amber Mill is a student bar, so it’s never really empty but it’s still got something of an intimate feel to it. Sometimes, Jane and I just go by ourselves. Sometimes my friend MJ, or some of Jane's friends tag along. I don’t mind. MJ is one of the few other people I feel comfortable around. She works at the record store in town, and we sort of hit it off when I came in looking for old vinyl records. I picked up a copy of the Queen is Dead by the Smiths and we got to talking. She’s not the most social person either so I guess we have a few things in common beyond a thing for the Smiths.

&#x200B;

Usually, we’ll just sit and talk over drinks. Our usual seat is close to the panoramic window near the front of the bar, and we can watch the world go past as the night drifts away from us. It’s nice. That night, there was a light rain falling outside. A prelude to another thunderstorm. I listened as MJ talked a little bit about work as I looked out at the street across from us. My mind drifted back to the night before, and the glimpses of movement I’d caught through the streetlights.

&#x200B;

It had just been my mind playing tricks on me… I was sure of that… It had to be. The Unicorn Prince was buried in the trunk under my bed, where he could never harm anyone again. I’d put him, and the other artwork that had haunted my life behind me! I was free of them now! And yet I couldn’t shake the feeling of unease that sat heavily in my stomach.

&#x200B;

“You alright, Meg?” MJ asked. Her voice tore me out of my thoughts. I glanced over at Jane’s seat to see that it was empty. From the corner of my eye, I noticed her at the bar getting us another pitcher of sangria.

“Hmm? Yeah… Just a bit tired.” I said. It wasn’t a complete lie. MJ studied me for a moment, and I felt as if she saw right through me.

&#x200B;

“Long week, I guess?”

“That and I just can’t seem to sleep.” I replied, “Usually when it's this bad, there’s a cause or something. Lately it just seems like… I don’t know… I feel like I’m waiting for something to happen. My anxiety feels like it's through the roof. I can’t sit still. I can’t turn my brain off…”

“Did you try talking to a doctor? Maybe they can help you figure out what's up?”

“Maybe…” I wasn’t so sure that was the best idea, but she did have a point.

“Is there anything going on lately? Anything on your mind?”

I caught myself hesitating for a moment before I spoke.

“Besides coursework? Not really.”

&#x200B;

Suddenly I really wanted another drink. I downed the last of my glass and was grateful to see Jane coming with a refill. I could tell by the look on MJs face that she was worried although Jane's presence kept her from continuing the conversation.

“Alrighty. Who needs a top up?” Jane asked. I held up my glass and she was more than happy to pour me another drink. I’m sure there were better ways to try and calm my mind, but the sangria would work for the time being.

&#x200B;

The sound of that night's cover band starting up another song drew my attention away and I looked over at them. I could hear Jane asking MJ about something in the background, but I wasn’t focusing on what. The band wasn’t one I’d seen before. They weren’t great, but they also weren’t terrible. It wasn’t their music that had caught my eye though.

&#x200B;

No. It was the backdrop behind them.

&#x200B;

The Amber Mill has sort of a rustic look to it. The walls are bare brick, with a few hanging decorations. Some folks had painted a little mural right on the brick behind the spot where the musicians played, but it had never had a Unicorn on it before. The world around me suddenly seemed a lot quieter. My eyes were fixed on the Unicorn on the mural. Had that always been there? Was it new? Had it been there when I’d come in?

&#x200B;

I saw the head move slightly, and I got my answer.

&#x200B;

The Unicorn Prince was looking at me.

&#x200B;

My hands were shaking. I caught myself struggling to breathe. I could feel the eyes of the picture on me… A picture I knew I’d painted. A picture that should not have been part of a mural in a bar.

*“No…”* I heard myself saying under my breath, *“No… No… Go away… Please, just go away…”*

The Prince had never listened to me before, so why start now?

&#x200B;

Part of me hoped that I’d blink and he’d be gone, just like last time but this time… He wasn’t. No, this wasn’t a dream. It wasn’t the alcohol messing with my head. *He* was here. *He* was watching me.

“Meg?”

I jumped as I felt Jane's hand on my shoulder.

“Are you alright? You look white as a ghost?”

Both she and MJ genuinely looked concerned. No… They looked scared.

&#x200B;

“I… I need to go…” I stammered. I set my glass down and pulled away, “I need to go right now…”

“Meg, what’s wrong?”

Jane got up with me.

“Do you feel sick? Do you need to lie down?”

Normally I would have appreciated her concern but right at that moment, I just wanted to run.

“I-I’ll be alright… I’ll be back at the apartment…”

&#x200B;

I pulled away from her and from the corner of my eye, I glanced at the mural again. The Unicorn Prince was still there. Only now he had moved. Now he seemed to have gotten just a little bit closer to me. I headed for the door, leaving both Jane and MJ behind. From the corner of my eye, I caught Jane looking towards the mural but I was out the door before she could say anything. If she saw the Prince too… I know she would have understood.

&#x200B;

I could feel my pulse racing again as I hurried through the rain. This shouldn’t have been possible! The Prince shouldn’t have been able to get out! None of them should have! I kept glancing behind me as if I’d see him coming, although I knew that I probably wouldn’t. My breathing felt heavy. My entire body was trembling. I remember thinking:

*‘I should’ve burned them…’* and wishing that I’d had the stomach to do it.

Maybe it wasn’t too late. I still had a chance, didn’t I? Maybe if I burned the chest and everything inside, I could stop them before they hurt anyone! Or hurt me…

&#x200B;

The rain was getting heavier. I could hear a distant crack of thunder, and yet behind it all I was sure I could hear the steady sound of heavy hooves. The air seemed colder. Breathing felt just a little bit harder. I wasn’t sure if my anxiety was making me shut down or if it was something else.

&#x200B;

The apartment wasn’t far. Only another block or so. I could make it. I’d be fine! Up ahead, I saw what I thought was a figure in the rain. It was hard to get a good look at them. The sky was almost black and darkness was setting in. My glasses were smeared with raindrops that made everything blurry as well.

&#x200B;

The figure in front of me kept getting closer and closer… I paused as I heard the sound of hooves on the pavement ahead of me. Slowly, I wiped off my glasses.

&#x200B;

It was only about twenty meters away. Looking at it was… Difficult. It was hard to properly focus on it but I was sure it was a Unicorn. He looked darker than I remembered. I’d always painted the Unicorn Prince white, but this one looked to be a dingy grey color. Its eyes were fixated on me and its gaze made me feel small.

&#x200B;

I held up my shaking hands as I tried to form words that would justify what I’d done to them… Why I’d locked it up. But the words wouldn’t come.

*“I-I’m sorry…”* Was the only thing I could think to say and as justification goes, it was nothing but pathetic. That said… I’m not sure I could have justified it even if I wanted to…

&#x200B;

The Unicorn kicked at the ground and huffed. Its tail whipped around violently. I knew what was coming next.

It was going to charge.

It was going to kill me, just like it had killed everyone else who’d provoked me in the past.

&#x200B;

You know what?

I deserved it. As I stared what I was sure was my own death in the face, I couldn’t help but think that this was exactly what I deserved. I didn’t want to die… Nobody ever does but was I really somebody who deserved a good life? After the things my drawings had done, was it really fair that I walk away and live my life without any consequences?

No.

I could’ve run, but I didn’t. If anything, I just waited for it all to be over.

&#x200B;

The Unicorn stared me down, judging me and waiting to see if I had anything to offer in my defense. I didn’t. All I could do was stand there and be thankful that it was raining, so at least I didn’t look like I was crying. At last, it came, bellowing as it broke into a full charge. Its head lowered and I closed my eyes as I waited for it to kill me.

&#x200B;

Nothing happened. Instead, I just heard the shriek of the Unicorn and the sound of something heavy hitting the ground.

I opened my eyes.

A second, more familiar Unicorn stood between me and the grey Unicorn. Its white hide was unmistakable. This was the Prince. The real Prince.

&#x200B;

It stood between me and the other Unicorn, sturdy and determined.

The grey Unicorn was on the ground and it struggled to pick itself up. I could see its limbs twisting and breaking to make it easier to right itself. Its movements seemed… Off. The snarl that escaped it didn’t sound like anything a horse would make. It launched itself at the Prince, rearing up to strike him with its hooves and the Prince rose up to meet him.

&#x200B;

I’m not sure if my will to survive returned to me at that moment or what, but I finally had the sense to run. There was a parked car on the street and I dove for cover behind it, peeking out to see the two Unicorns kick and slash at each other. Wounds bleeding white paint dribbled from the Prince's body, as parts of him were washed away. The other Unicorn didn’t seem to bleed but it seemed… Warped. Parts of its body seemed caved in. Others moved in the wrong directions. It reared up again to try and hit the Prince, only to be pushed over and knocked into the street. Its body twitched and spasmed. Its legs seemed to rotate at odd angles so it could stand again.

&#x200B;

The Prince just glared at it, moving his body to stay in front of me. The other Unicorn… No… The other entity just stared at him. And then it was gone. Where it had stood before, there was nothing but rain hitting the pavement.

&#x200B;

The Unicorn Prince stood, his body sagging a little as the tension escaped it. I could see his head turn towards me as I slowly moved out of my hiding spot. The look in his eyes was cold, almost angry… I knew that it was directed at me.

“Y-you’re hurt…” Was the only thing I could think to say. He huffed before turning away, leaving dripping paint in his wake.

“Wait!” I called but he only glanced back at me before continuing on his way. In a few moments, he was gone too.

&#x200B;

I’ve opened the case. I could burn it all tonight…Part of me thinks I should. The thing that attacked me tonight, I know it came after me because I locked everything away. I think it did, at least.

&#x200B;

I can see the Unicorn Prince in one of my old paintings. I can see the marks on his body, the spots where he was wounded. I can feel his eyes on me and from the corner of my eye, I can see the angry swishes of his tail. Whatever came after me tonight, he still came to help me. He’s the one who should hate me the most and yet…

&#x200B;

There’s something else. Something weird. I’ve gone through all my old artwork. I don’t see any grey unicorns. Not like the one I saw tonight. I know it had to be one of mine. It looked like one of mine but…

This doesn’t make sense.

I don’t think I’m going to burn my old paintings. Not yet. [Not until I understand what happened tonight.](https://www.reddit.com/r/HeadOfSpectre/comments/m3afdy/they_call_me_spacegirl_i_dont_paint_anymore/)When I first met Meg, I thought we wouldn’t be able to work together. I didn’t even see us getting along. She was youthful and almost too pure for this job, or so I thought. Moreover, she isn’t the most mobile person around, so that’s a massive handicap – more so for me than her. I have no idea how they even let her in. A wheelchair-bound woman shouldn’t be able to hunt demons.

Yes, those exist and yes, my partner, Meghan Davis, and me, we hunt them. We’re exorcists in our definition. The stuff you hear about from the church and on tv is just a cover-up. It’s just priests performing some “ritual” for the sake of appearances. The real deal doesn’t have a happy ending. Once you’re possessed, you don’t get out of the ordeal in one piece. Demons are like spiritual parasites that need a physical body to exist in our world. They take over one and make it their own. It’s termed Spirituales Virum in Latin. To get one out, you have to either kill its victim or maim it to the point the Spiritual virus decides the host isn’t going to work for it any longer. Now there is a caveat, if a demon stays inside its host for too long, it might sap out enough organic material to generate its own physical body and that’s a whole different problem because these suckers aren’t restrained by the physical forms of humans or animals that they possess.

We do work for the church; however, we aren’t part of the clergy or anything. Some of us don’t even like that organization, myself included. It’s a marriage of convenience. The organization I work for is called the Iscariot Initiative. You won’t find anything about us unless you’re very well connected within the church.

Anyway, back to the story of me meeting my partner, Meg. I was told that she is my new partner the moment I came to pick up my assignment. Imagine my shock when I saw a young woman in a wheelchair waiting for me. In my head, I thought I needed to babysit some handicapped lady while I’m trying to get rid of a murderous parasite? I wasn’t thrilled about it in the slightest, and I let it show. Even worse was when my superior, we’ll call him Judah, pulled me aside and told me her three previous partners all died after working with her. He told me to be extra careful with her. I nodded and marched towards my van.

Once in the car, she extended her hand and introduced herself, “Meghan, nice to meet you.”

“Johan” I retorted as I shook her hand. Her skin wasn’t as delicate as I thought it would be. She was used to using these hands for manual labor.

“You don’t sound too pleased about this arrangement, Johan” she quipped.

Looking away, I started the car and let her know bluntly that I wasn’t. I wasn’t happy babysitting some potentially dangerous wheel chaired woman. She, in turn, found it amusing and thanked me for my honesty. I guess people went easy on her because she can’t use her legs or something. I wasn’t going to be easy on her. To me, she was disposable back then. Now it’s a different story, we’re probably each other’s only friends. It’s kind of sad and yet amusing at the same time.

Anyhow, she asked me where were we going and I told her about our assignment. Some teenage girl who had decided to pull off some crazy ritual to get back at her cheating boyfriend and got stuck with an infernal parasite eating away at her insides. Three months beforehand. Now, looking back on it, I wonder how they manage to find these rituals and practices that actually work.

Meg looked at me with a slightly concerned look on her face, “So it means we’ll probably have to deal with the demon in its own body…”

“We? Really now, we?”, I thought, in my head, she was this helpless girl who might be good as bait or for some paperwork. I had to deal with the actual exorcism, not her. “We? More like me, buddy.” I told her sarcastically.

She chuckled and retorted with, “I can help!” a large smile forming on her face.

“Right and do what? Run over the demon?” I sarcastically remarked.

She found that funny, laughing out loud before saying, “Nah, I have my ways of getting the job done. Ask the dead guy who thought canning a boy to death to get a demon out was a good idea.”

I slammed on the brakes, “what?”

She reacted with “What, what? He had it coming.”

“You killed him, why the f…”

“For torturing a child, I know how this job is done. You don’t need to make a thousand cuts to get a demon out. Just kill em’ if you’re at it and get it over with.” She hissed, disgust echoing in her previously soft voice.

I looked at her, “So how can I trust you don’t try to murder me over something like that?”

“I take it you always kill them, and prefer to do it quickly, I’m fine with that. Just so you know, I was the one who requested to work with you.” She said, smiling at me once again.

“Great…” I sighed, I knew I had no choice for now but to work with her. I was going to get rid of her as quickly as I could. I just needed to make sure everything went as smoothly as possible this once and then I’ll just move elsewhere, away from the crazy witch.

We spent the rest of the way in silence until she decided to turn the radio on. I didn’t talk to her, not until we got to our destination. It was a two-store building, owned by some white-collar family, all freshly painted with a picket fence and a mowed lawn. Almost too serene to be real. Disgustingly neat, not a fan of that squeaky clean appearance. Before we went inside, I told Meg that she has to stay with the family and try to comfort them or something, to make sure they don’t get in my way. The possessed girl was on the second floor, the family hadn’t gone up there in two months. Too scared to face the monstrosity their daughter had become. I can’t say I blame them. I wouldn’t want to look at a possessed person either. It’s like watching a ghost.

Meg told me that if I needed any help just to scream her name, I scoffed and made my way to the lair of the demon.

The second store was dark and cold, a perfect example of a demon’s environment. Not even ten steps in, I stepped on something half liquid. That’s when the smell hit me, a foul combination of shit, piss, and vomit assaulted my nostrils making me cough. I took a step back and looked around, shining on the walls with my phone – they were covered in symbols in a language I cannot understand. Clearly, demons don’t speak Latin or Aramaic, or Hebrew. It’s some alien language that sounds like barks and whistles and clicks that are written in complex geometric symbols.

I called out the girl’s name, but nothing came. Walking around the rooms in the second store, I couldn’t find any signs of life – only human waste piled all over. Eventually, I heard a soft whimpering sound coming from the bathroom. I pulled out my gun and slowly made my way towards that room. The closer I got, the louder the whimpering became. I called out the girl’s name again but still, no answer followed. I slowly opened the bathroom door and looked for the source of the sound. In one of the corners sat a ghastly pale, shriveled up girl. Her long hair hung over her face, concealing it from me. I called out her name again, and she moved her head slightly. Revealing the snow-white eyes and a long cut running along her face.

“Shit” I cursed.

Pointing the gun at her I was about to apologize for killing her but she let out a shriek so loud I could feel the room shaking around us. Her head fell backward and with a sickening tearing sound a long, white-clawed hand shot out of her head and towards me. I tried moving, but I was grabbed and tossed backward.

I landed hard on my back and lost grip of my weapon. Standing back up, I heard the sickening tearing sound intensity followed by a sloshing sound. Luckily, I found the gun right away and made my way back to the bathroom. Inside stood the ugliest motherfucker I have ever seen. Granted, I had to deal with a physical manifestation of a demon before that a couple of times, but this one was unique in its ugliness. Imagine a drunk Labrador’s front half standing on white long five-fingered chicken legs with a snake, complete with a functional hissing toothy head for a hind half. It half coughed-half howled at me before pouncing at me with a speed I didn’t expect it to be able to.

I shot the monster, but the bullets seemed to have done nothing. Before I could shoot it in the head, the demonic dog chimera was on top of me. I tried wrestling it off myself, but to no avail. It was too strong. The thing pinned me to the floor with its claws and snarled into my face, covering me in sputum. I kicked its abdomen, but the thing just bit into my shoulder, sending wave after wave of pain across my body. I managed to free my other arm from underneath the demonic beast. Pinning my gun to its head I was feeling like I got this one but then, the snakehead bit me on the arm causing me to drop the gun.

The pain was searing, and the snakehead wouldn’t go. My heart rate rose, and I felt myself getting dizzy. I couldn’t tell if it was the pain or if the chimera had poisoned me. The dog-head let go of my shoulder and roared in my face. Blood was flowing down my torso. Everything turned painful, even breathing. The jaw of the dog head started opening wider part, revealing a sea of shark-like teeth in spiraling rows that went on into the infernal abyss that was the maw of this beast. In a matter of moments, the jaw of the beast seemed to hang by a tiny strip of skin. It was large enough to swallow my head whole. Fearing the end, I had no other choice than to trust in my partner and I called out her name.

The beast seemed to understand what I was dying and found my cry for help to be funny as it laughed this deep, mocking, hoarse yet shrieking laughter with its lower jaw still hanging loosely from the rest of its head.

I called out Meg’s name again, and then all the doors on the second floor started opening and closing, making a thunderous noise. The beast on top of me seemed perplexed by the strange occurrence and looked up, its eyes moving about in every direction as if it was trying to find something. They moved independently from one another, like the eyes of a chameleon. The beast got off of me, with the snakehead tearing its fangs across my skin as it was being pulled out of my body. I screamed and cursed. The beast ignored me and started walking around, barking. It was barking words – in a voice so unbelievably low. I grasped my hand and watched as the beast walked around. Its stature was seemingly diminishing. It started crouching and its voice had turned quieter. I called out Meg’s name again, and she called back to me from somewhere… I was too disorientated to make out where her voice came from.

The doors opened ajar, and a freezing gust of wind blew throughout the floor, sending chills down my skin. A spiderweb of blue lightning ran across the ceiling above me. Something moved in the corner of my eye, I turned to see a gargantuan shadow standing over me. It was the blackest thing I’ve ever seen, the blackest and the coldest. I vaguely remember the form of the shadow, it had two curved horns.

I saw the thing move towards me, but I couldn't even move. I called out to Meg who sounded way closer this time, even though I wasn't sure where she was. She told me not to worry and I just… I saw that thing walking through me and I felt like I was being suffocated by something from the inside like my chest cavity was being crushed, my arteries were clogged and the life was siphoned out of me. Like the worst panic attack combined with being thrown into ice water. I heard this awfully loud chirping and saw a bright light behind me, but then I passed out. Coming to, I was being tended to by Meg, who was hovering over me with a pack of bandages.

“Wha-what just h-happened?” I muttered.

“Don’t worry about it. We took care of the demon…” she reassured me.

“Wh-what was that thing? Black an-and C-c,” she didn’t even let me finish.

“It’s a secret. One day, I’ll tell you what it was.” She said with a smile while she kept on bandaging me.

Soon enough I was patched up and made it back up to my feet. The first thing I noticed was the charred remains of a demon, no longer recognizable as a snake dog hybrid with fish eyes.

The girl, well, she was mostly intact, save for the massive hole in her head. The girl’s parents were knocked out cold when we left the house. We called for a priest to come down and do the church’s thing over there. Meg said she put them to sleep so they won’t cause a fuss.

I tried getting the answers to what happened that day from Meg, but she wouldn’t let me know until a couple of years of us working together. She’s been a lot of help and we’ve become inseparable. I really do like working with her. It adds some flavor to my depressing job. Looking back, I have no idea how I managed without her help. I know what’s her secret, but I can’t outright reveal it. I can say that she is Hekate Magna, domina apostolorum rex ad virum spiritualem.

We’re still hunting demons and exorcising people, every time is an astounding success. I do have to say one thing though, for all my gratefulness for Meghan being my partner and friend, I have to admit that I still occasionally get surprised whenever her manual wheelchair moves unaided.Writing about what happened with Dylan was cathartic, and I was still missing him every day until a few days after I wrote the first entry in the series.

[https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/m337qh/my\_muse\_became\_my\_incubus/?utm\_source=share&utm\_medium=web2x&context=3](https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/m337qh/my_muse_became_my_incubus/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3)

Finally got the nerve to post it on Thursday night, but there's more which I'm still in the process of figuring out. Here's where I am so far:

The day I posted my first entry I was woken up by a Grindr alert at 4.48 AM. That in itself is unusual: I'm used to getting messages off horny middle aged men and closeted "straight" gym rats chewing their face off on MDMA at this time of night/morning so I perpetually have the text tone switched off.

VENICE BITCH - 4.48

Hey Dan, long time no speak. Entirely coincidental that I get back to you after you posted that thing of course. On Reddit, though? Surprised you even know what that is.

DAN - 4.50

Haha yeah. You always were an attention whore so I'm glad I could give you a little bit more posthumously. So are you getting laid in the afterlife then or what? I mean you told me to find someone else but you must've seen how ill-suited that girl I was seeing was to me so I guess what I'm trying to say is its fine by me if you are. This is more than your average long distance love affair.

VENICE BITCH 4.51

I did, and I wanted to intervene but there're restrictions. And yeah, til you get here I am keeping myself busy.

DAN - 4.52

Who's the lucky ghost?

VENICE BITCH - 4.54

Yeah. Won't say who because it'll make you jealous and I like to leave the celebrity namedrops to you, you're better at it than I am.

VENICE BITCH - 4.55

"I remember when I ran into Nick Cave and he told me my Rowland S Howard t-shirt was cool and chatted to me for ages"

VENICE BITCH - 4.57

I've told Rowland that story by the way and he just sneered and exhaled smoke contemptuously.

DAN - 4.59

In the afterlife, how do you look? Do you look the way you left life or do they restore you to some earlier point?

VENICE BITCH - 5.00

In the afterlife you look the way you want to look. So I look the way I looked when we first met. What time is it there?

DAN - 5.01

5 in the morning where I am. You woke me up, don't worry, I've not been having one of my turns. "Oh God I miss you on my lips".

The reason for him messaging me was to show me something he thought would be of great interest to me. He explained to me how to download tor browser, which I had done once before and taken off my computer because I got bored with it. Sure it's good for buying drugs and such but I'd rather do that off people I know. I'm not interested in gore sites or any of that try-hard edge lord shite: I was trying to use tor to find the websites of forgotten goth bands that may have crumpled and fallen into digital debris. Possibly the only person who ever used it for that. Then he sent me a link to [http://mx4dal3tvigo.onion](http://mx4dal3tvigo.onion). I typed it into my browser manually, squinting, and to my surprise I was looking at his face again.

The layout of the website very closely resembled that gay hook-up site I mentioned signing up to when I was 19, Alt-Vibe.

There was something different about his profile though:

H*i, I'm Dylan. I won't bite unless you want me to.*

*WHAT I'M LOOKING FOR*

*I'm looking for no strings attached fun and possibly more but as my love is still in the Other World please bear in mind at the moment that I can only have an open relationship because when he returns to me I'd hope we can pick up where we left off. Dan, you'll be reading this so I'm calling first dibs when you get here.*

*HOW I GOT HERE*

*In 2017 me and Dan's relationship reached a particularly low ebb: he was going through a lot of shit I won't talk about on here as its not my place to say so. The way I treated that poor fragile little guy was terrible but I know he knew he loved me. He should've left me. Maybe it would've spared him the pain of what happened. I'd been clean for three years at this point but after an argument where he told me "Somehow you have hurt me more than the people who made me this fucked up in the first place", I relapsed. As you see on hundreds of other pages its the first shot you take after you've cut that poison out of your life that kills you. You think you can tolerate as much as you could when you were using every day. I was floating above myself when I saw him find me.*

*WHAT I'M INTO*

*If you're still considering a hook-up knowing what a poisonous person I can be and having read all that, drop me a message and we'll talk. Will only speak to people with face pics though: if I wanted to see a mediocre looking dick I'd just pull my pants down*

Numb is how I first felt; he'd apologised to me very publicly here. I saw the date of sign up in the corner of the screen: 08/07/2017. The day before my 25th birthday. The day he died. It took me a while to respond, and knowing this'd be the case (or maybe the wi-fi connection just went down in the afterlife) he left me to respond in my own time. Which I did only after going through his friends list and seeing a couple of people I knew but had no idea were dead; a couple of musicians we had both been fans of and some people I know he was only messaging out of politeness.

DAN 14.48

Wow. Thanks for apologising to me so publicly on that website. I was digging through your friends list as well and Richey Edwards from the Manics? You old dog. How does he look?

VENICE BITCH 14.49

He looks like he did when they started playing, around the time of Generation Terrorists.

DAN 14.49

Nice! One thing though: you signed up the day I found you! You weren't fucking hanging around were you?

VENICE BITCH 15.05

No - I had nothing to do with that. It just signs you up based on your date of death.

Good to know. I carried on as normally as possible for the rest of the day. I even sent an occultist friend a link to that onion site having previously explained things:

DAN 18.34

Hey check this out!

CINDY 19.09

Check what out.

DAN 19.15

Shit, forgot to send the link [http://mx4dal3tvigo.onion](http://mx4dal3tvigo.onion)

CINDY 19.54

Why have you sent me this?

DAN 19.59

What'd you mean?

CINDY 20.04

Don't worry about it, I've delved in this shit myself and getting one letter wrong can lead to stuff you don't want to see. Not that that didn't interest me.

DAN 20.05

What was it?

CINDY 20.05

Dan if you didn't see it and you didn't know what that led to than tbh my love you don't want to.

I re-checked the link of course and sure enough I was right. Took me straight back to Dylan's page. I took a screen-shot of it for her and sent it over. Before I sent it over, I thought I'd have a look through Dylan's friend activity on there and scrolling through I saw a picture of myself. I had a profile which had been provisionally set up on the 08/07/2019, Dylan left a message welcoming me on my wall then my profile was deleted again later that day. This of course means that someone or something wanted me dead on that day, but somehow I survived never knowing of this development until now.

DAN 20.19

Thanks for the welcome message, something you need to tell me?

VENICE BITCH 26.48

\- Message deleted -

At the same time a message comes through from a similarly faceless Grindr profile called Adrift&AtPeace.

ADRIFT&ATPEACE 26.48

Hey honey, I guess I'll be seeing you soon.

DAN 20.21

What're you on about?

ADRIFT&ATPEACE 26.48

Don't you remember your old friend?

DAN 20.21

I've got a lot of old friends, I can't see your face or real name so the answer to that I'm afraid would be no.

ADRIFT&ATPEACE 26.48

Look for John Stoltenberg in Dylan's friends on Altvibe. Profile started - 01/08/2014. That's why I never met you at Pride on the 2nd. Kicked to death in the train station I had slept in overnight, I was just too eager to see your pretty face in person and I was going to get the first train down. It's a shame, 'cos I was hoping to get to know you better. But hopefully we'll have our time soon. It's okay - Dylan is fine with it.

DAN 20.23

Oh John. Your eyes were so beautiful. At least in the pictures you sent me.

I check John and Dylan's mutual friends and my name is popping up again with a future join date of 03/04/2021.

UPDATE: First part removed by mods. Apparently they don't think there's anything scary about being fucked in the ass by a ghost, so I assume it to happen to them on a daily basis. Re-hosted it here [https://snowcrushed.tumblr.com/post/645553145370525696/my-muse-became-my-incubus](https://snowcrushed.tumblr.com/post/645553145370525696/my-muse-became-my-incubus) . There's a distinct possibility that this knowledge is too dangerous and that's why they're taking it down.I closed my bedroom door as I slid down against it to the floor. A deep sigh escaped my mouth as I dragged my legs up to my chest. I lowered my head and closed my eyes. After a minute of self groveling I stood up and made my way to the bathroom where I looked into the full body mirror, ashamed and disgusted at what looked back at me. 

I had just gotten back from the doctors office. It was just a check up, nothing too serious. That’s not why I’m upset though, it’s because of the physical I had to do. It reminded me of everything I hated about my physical appearance. You see I’m what you would call a stick, and a short one at that.

 I’ve always been small. I was born a month premature, 5 pounds and 3 ounces to be exact, the runt of the family you could say. Ironically enough, my family is full of giants! 

My father is a whopping 6’11. My mother 6’5. My parents are pretty tall, so naturally you’d expect their four offspring to be tall as well. You’d be mostly correct in this theory, key word mostly. Let’s dive in shall we? My oldest brother, Ethan, is taller than my father measuring at 7’1. He could have had a career in basketball, but my 26 year old brother chose engineering instead. Next is Mary, she is 24 and my one and only sister. Don’t let her giant stature of 6’8 fool you, she is the most sweetest, kindest, and caring person you’ll ever meet. And finally, my other dorky brother Marcus. He’s been sticking out since kindergarten, literally he has always been the tallest in his class. Even at 23 he’s standing at 6’10. 

So, how tall am I you ask? I must be up there with my parents and siblings right? Wrong! I’m 4’6 and have been so since I was 12. It’s insufferable having to live in a world full of giants. 

My parents saved up enough money to have a custom house built expecting their kids to grow up nice and tall just like them. Everyone except for poor little Emilia, who had to carry around her own little step stool just to be able to wash her hands. What’s worse was the torment from my brothers and the occasional offensive remark from Mary growing up. While they shot up to great new heights, I stayed down in the mud. I’m shorter than the average American female for Christ sake! I’ve always envied my siblings for their bodies and loathed my own. 

“Well, Mrs. Emerson everything looks fine.” Dr. Goodman informed me. “However there is one concerning thing that I can’t seem to figure out.” 

My heart dropped in my chest. I had an inkling of what  was about to happen. “Looking over your family history, we’ve noticed... your a little stunted compared to other members of your family. Your BMI was also a little low as well.” He said reading off my chart. I let out a sigh.

 “Yeah I get this a lot actually. I can’t really explain it, but I’m just really short compared to my family.” I explained. “Have you tried any dietary changes or have you sought any hormone therapies?” He asked. 
“I drank my milk and even binge ate for a while but nothing. And I’m way too poor to afford hormone therapy. You and I will just have to live with the way I am.” I answered. After that I promptly left, quite embarrassed too. 

So there I was, looking in the mirror self loathing. My phone chimed bringing me out of my dark and self-depreciating thoughts. It was my mother, telling me dinner would be ready soon and I should start my journey over to the family estate. I don’t know why I kept going over there, but there I was every Sunday night for family dinner. I quickly throw on an oversized hoodie that belonged to one of my brothers to hide my short, plain, and uninteresting figure.

“Where’s little Emmies step stool?” Ethan questioned as I entered my childhood home. “Har har asshole.” I say rolling my eyes. ‘And so begins the make fun of me to inflate your own small fragile egos fest.’ I thought to myself.

Dinner went as it always did. Mom asked us about our weeks, and we responded with the same mundane stories as every week. When I brought up what happened at the doctors, my siblings broke out in laughter and my parents gave me those disgusting pitiful looks they always did when these things happened to me.

I couldn’t take it anymore. I hated being this family’s butt of the joke. I hated being picked on because I was short. I was just done with everything. “You all find it so funny that I’m so short. Well have you ever thought what it’s like to live like this! With you? You don’t and never will! I’d kill to be as tall as you guys. I’m just so done. I’ll be damned if I ever come back to this hell house!” I exploded in a rage and doing what I did at the doctors, I stormed out of the house and drove home with tears welling up in my eyes. I cried myself to sleep that night, like I always did when I was reminded I was nothing but a small, insignificant ant.

I woke up sometime in the middle of the night to a notification on my phone. Expecting it to be a message from one of my family members apologizing, I was instead met with a Facebook messenger message. ‘Typical.’ I thought. The message was from an old high school friend of mine who I hadn’t seen in years. Her name was Madison Grove. 

“Sorry it’s late, in your time zone at least, anyway I was wondering if you wanted to go out for coffee or something on Saturday? I’ll be in the area and it’d be great to catch up with you.” The message read.

I typed back, “Sure. Just tell me when and where and I’ll be there.” I didn’t really want to go, but I felt bad that she reached out, something most of my high school friends hadn’t done, and decided I’d go for an hour with a sappy smile slapped on my face. 

The week passed slowly and mundanely. I went to work, slept, and barely ate just like I did every week. I almost forgot about the friendly reunion when Madison messaged again with a time and location. When the time came, I left and drove to the location she wanted to meet at. It was a local Starbucks about 15 minute away from my house. 

I took a deep breath and walked into the shop, where a familiar albeit older face met my gaze. We had a short embrace then sat down in a booth in the back corner of the establishment.

“So how have you been Emilia?” Madison questioned initiating the conversation. “I’ve been good.” I responded. We spent the next half hour chatting and catching up while also reminiscing our high school days. Everything was going fine until she had to ruin everything with one questions. “So, do you still hate your body?” I contorted my face in disbelief and confusion. “That’s not any of your business Madison.” I stated sternly. “Woah chill out.” She said in response. “I know it’s a sensitive subject for you and everything but you’re the one who opened up to me about it in high school, I just want to make sure you’re all right.” I cleared my throat and stated,” Thank you for your concern Madison, really, but I think we are done here.” I began to grab my things to run away like I normally did when Madison stopped me. “Wait!” She yelled rather loudly. The people around us stared and my face went red. I sat back down waiting for the judge mental stares to cease. “I have something for you. I know it’s not much but I hope you’ll keep it around.” She said in a lowered tone. She got up and exited the restaurant to her car to retrieve the item.

As I sat there waiting, I began to think about how much Madison had changed since then. She had really developed in the years since I last saw her. Her long dirty blonde hair looked silky smooth and soft. Her body curved in the perfect places, and overall she looked beautiful. I wish my looks could amount to hers but alas, my disgusting greasy black hair would forever pale in comparison. My body as flat as a board, looking like some malnourished skeleton. My green eyes would never shine bright as her crystal blue ones. As I was wallowing in self pitty Madison re-entered the Starbucks with her hands behind her back. “Tada!” She cheered presenting me with a little teddy bear. It was brown and had a little red bow across its neck. “Damn, and I really wanted to be mad at you too.” I said gently grabbing the stuffed animal. She knew my kryptonite was stuffed animals and I just melted when I saw it. Afterwards we exchanged our new numbers, hugged again, and went out separate ways. 

I got back to my house with my little bear, which I had promptly dubbed beanie, snuggled between my arm. I fell asleep on the couch watching a show on Netflix around 10 pm.

I woke up the next morning in one of those states of bliss. It quickly dissipated when I noticed that my feet were hanging off the side of the couch and my shirt was feeling tight around my throat. I chalked it up to me shifting down the couch as that happens sometimes. I opened my eyes and stood up. ‘This isn’t right.’ I thought. My center of gravity was off and a slight soreness set in deep in my bones. I looked down, my sight seemed distorted. The ground was further away. I made a run for the bathroom.

I made it there quicker than I anticipated. I couldn’t believe my eyes. I WAS taller. My shirt was tighter because I was too big for it. It’s a good thing I slept with just underwear on. I grabbed a tape measure and looked at my new height. My arms were longer too. 5’9 is what it read. Holy shit! I had grown a whole foot and three inches in one night! I jumped up and down in joy. That’s when I noticed something else, another reason why my shirt was tight.

I removed the shirt and that’s when I saw them. My boobs had gotten a little bigger too! I also had a bit of a belly protruding out too. I grabbed my scale and weighed myself. I was 125 lbs. Yeah, I had binged a little bit the night before, but 125? I had never been over 90 in my entire life! I raced to my bedroom putting on the oversized hoodie, which was now a little less oversized, from yesterday and put on a pair of jeans. They didn’t fit anymore though, the ends a few inches above my ankle. I opted for shorts instead. I went to grab my shoes, didn’t fit either. My feet had grown a few sizes as well. I put on some flip-flops, which still didn’t fit but were manageable. 

After adjusting the seat in my car, I raced over to my parents house in excitement. “Holy hell!” My mother exclaimed. “Emilia is that you?” My dad said after. “What happened to you?” They asked. I hadn’t thought about it in my excitement. “I-it’s a hormone therapy I’m trying.” I said making an excuse on the spot. The rest of the day was full of my siblings gawking at me new figure and me finally feeling apart of the family. Mary, my mother, and I went to the local Walmart after dinner to get me some new clothes that would actually fit. 

I went from and extra small to large and size 0 to 15. My shoe size was now 9 1/2 and my bra size shot up to a C cup! After my shopping my spree I happily went home, my life was perfect now. 

I took an ibuprofen as the growing pains had gotten a bit worse. ‘At least I didn’t have stretch marks’ I thought. I slipped into bed in my new comfy pjs and looked at my bedside table as I started to drift. My eyes laid upon beanie, I looked at the stuffed bear suspiciously. I then scoffed. ‘No way a stuffed bear could be responsible for this.’ I thought as I sleepily closed my eyes and drifted off the sleep.

I awoke to a loud THUD! A sting of pain shot through the left side of my body as I came to. In the little light of dawn shining in through my windows all I could make out was that I had fallen off my bed. I shifted up as more pain shot through my body. I found the chain to my lamp, oddly quickly I might add. Light flooded the room as the full extent of what happened was illuminated. I hadn’t fallen off the bed, the bed frame had snapped making my body fall to the floor. I looked over the bed and saw shreds of clothing. I looked down and to my horror I was mostly nude, my bra the only thing hanging on. Not only was I mostly nude but big, really really big. I stood up and made my way to the bathroom, pain shooting throughout my whole body as I did. My view was very distorted as I stumbled towards the mirror. I bumped my head on the doorway. 

Rubbing my head I lunged for the tape measure. 8’3. My ceiling was 10 ft in my bedroom. I turned to look in the mirror. My body portions we huge. Just then my bra snapped off. My boob falling down revealing just how big they had gotten. Not only my boobs but everything. My thighs where thick my tummy thicker. I turned to the side revealing Just how wide I was. I screamed in horror as everything was growing bigger and faster. The pain getting worse and worse. Not only was I getting taller but fatter and wider as well. My long fat feet made my wooden floors creak as I ran down the stairs, I feared I would fall through. 

I was rapidly expanding now the pain exploding as well. I began to sob. I made my way to the longest and tallest part of my house, the living room. My living room ceiling was 15 feet luckily and it stretched 25. 

Soon I was so tall I had sit, but that wasn’t enough. My huge feet eventually reached the other side of the wall and I had to duck my head to avoid hitting my ceiling. I was quite literally a giant now. Eventually I seemed to have stopped growing, but I was in so much pain and in a very uncomfortable position. I heard my phone begin to ring up the stairs. Boy was I glad that installed Alexa. I answered the call using the in home assistant.

It was Morgan. “Emilia listen to me, do you still have the best?” I answered in an unintentional loud voice,” yes. I’m kind of busy right now though so I’ll have to call you back.” “Wait! I’m on my way over, the bear is cursed. And by the sounds of it, your bigger than desired aren’t you?” I was shocked. “So it was the bear?” I said. “Yeah. So basically I’m a witch and I cursed the bear so you would grow a little bit taller, however it seems I’ve fucked up. Majorly.” She said. “No shit. I’m about to burst out of my house.” I said angrily. “I’m almost there. I’ll fix everything soon.” She said in a worried tone. “Yeah you fucking better.” 

After a few more minutes Madison reached my house. She was barely able to get into my house because my leg was blocking the door. “Where’s the bear?” She said in a hurried tone. “Upstairs on my night stand.” I pulled out my hand and she stepped on it. I lifted her to the stairs. After a minute or two and some weird incantations coming from my room, I began to shrink. It took no less than 2 minutes for me to shrink back to my normal size. 

Madison emerged from the stair holding some clothes for me in her hand. “Look. I can explain.” She said handing me the clothes. “Get changed and I’ll brew some coffee.” I did as she said and after a minute there was a fresh steaming cup of joe in front of me. 
Madison sat across from me. She began to open her mouth to speak, but before she could I slapped her. Although taken a back she said,” I deserved that.” I shook my head in agreed annoyance.

Here’s what happened essentially. When we hugged at the Starbucks she plucked on of my hairs, and then proceeded to read an enchantment spell off of a spell book she bought off the dark web. She had gotten into witchcraft and wanted to try out a new spell from her new book. After successfully altering herself, she for some reason thought of me. She gave me the bear and I was supposed to grow a foot or two but she fucked up the incantation and I became a giant. Thankfully she reversed the spell and I was normal again.

Moral of the story folks; Don’t be friends with witches and be glad that you have the body you do.For the past few months, my mornings have been a cycle of terror. In that space between sleep and wakefulness, before conscious thought kicks in and control is back in my hands, I am gripped by all-encompassing fear and panic.

The cries that escape me aren't the exclamations of one startled or jolted, but of one in a broken state of illogical and primal dread, like an injured and cornered street-dog wailing and yelping in the dim hope that the sound might somehow dissuade its attacker.

It's difficult to bring to mind the memories of what runs through my mind during these spells. Like I said, it always occurs the instant I'm awakened. Actually, that might not be entirely accurate.

By the time I've found myself aware enough to understand what's happening, I'm already screaming. That same autopilot that causes you to breathe, to unconsciously toss and turn in your sleep, forces me into that last-ditch state. Screaming.

The screams scare me. The times a person gives their all in terms of making noise, of yelling, vocalising, are far and few between. Few sane people would ever just cry out at the top of their lungs, for fear of noise complaints or the police being called for suspicion of some kind of murder taking place. Hearing that full-fledged no-bars shrieking from my own mouth and my instincts continuing them to the point of a whimpering stutter, it leaves my chest tight and my heart racing. And like I said, I've gotten the noise complaints. I've had the police at my door.

The only reason I've not been evicted is because I know my landlord personally. He knows what I've been through.

I'm medicated. At first I was honest with the doctors and therapists I saw, but I was on track for getting locked up, so I started lying. I told them I couldn't sleep, that I was waking up in the middle of the night, but that's not true. I sleep as much as any regular person, it's just when I'm wakened that's the issue. How I'm wakened, I suppose. I've tried all kinds of sleeping pills to see if I can dull myself into shutting down that reaction, but after nearly dying from an overdose, I gave up on that idea.

Whatever this is, whatever the cause is, it must be on the same level as my breathing in how base, how core to my being it is. That scares me.

I'm not crazy. I function as well as any other average person when it comes to day-to-day life. I hold down a job, I pay my bills, I have friends. It's just the mornings, where I wake up screaming bloody-murder as if an air-raid siren has just gone off. The timing of it seems to fall in line with my circadian rhythm. When my panic is over and I check my phone, it's usually only twenty minutes or so till my alarm goes off.

I've always looked for patterns in it, I've researched REM sleep and sleep paralysis, and tried natural cures like meditating and scented candles, incense, but in spite of my best and most committed efforts, nothing changes... I don't want to consider anything drastic or illogical. Like I said, I'm not crazy.

I don't get used to it. Let me try to describe the process, a little slower and more meticulously. I get into bed. I fall asleep. I don't dream, or at least I don't remember the dream. My unconcious subconsciousness takes the wheel, and as is normal for a person, I have no memory from my time asleep. Then, all of a sudden, I'm thrust back into the driver's seat, but I'm already screaming. Screaming at the top of my lungs, the effort of it leaving my breath shallow like I'm suffocating, but I'm already scrambling too. I'm already panicked and fighting, my heart racing, and it takes me a good few seconds before I really have control, and finally stop. I'm left panting, still overwhelmed with a full-bodied dread, a fear of something...

People watch scary movies and play horror games because it's a controlled adrenaline. A 'fun' rush that makes you jump. What I experience, every morning, is terror. It's not 'fun'. It's horrid. More than anything, I want it to stop.

I woke up early last night. But I wasn't awake, not really. Looking back on it now, I can't even tell if it was a dream or not... What I experienced was as follows. My eyes opened. I was laid on my left side, facing the room, one hand resting in front of me on the mattress right at the edge of the bed, the other under the blanket.

I tried to shift to get more comfortable, but I was stuck. I've never experienced sleep paralysis before, but I knew well enough about it. Knowing didn't stop me from panicking, as a rush of terrifying stories came to mind I'd heard from friends and people online. I tried to suppress them as I sent commands to my hands, arms and legs, my body ignoring the will I pushed towards moving as my eyes locked forwards, open... and while I was in the midst of this personal turmoil, I saw it.

In the pitch darkness of my room, against the wall, was a shape. An outline, murky and black. I stared at it, my chest feeling cold as I tried to reason it away.

'This is exactly what they told me about. I just need to control my thoughts.'

Those were the words I told myself, trying to calm down, but then it started moving. The slow, methodical first step it took towards me was what gave it more definition. Its body was jagged in shape, like something malnourished and thin. It had been about five feet in height when it was stood against the wall, but as soon as it began moving, it stooped into a gradual slouch, like a predator moving low in the grass. It was painfully slow, creeping towards me while giving my frozen body every second I needed to absorb it.

From the lack of light, discerning anything about it was difficult, but the closer it came with those methodical yet bestial movements, the more I could see... thin arms, bent at the elbows into long wrists that ended in hands with spindly fingers that would ever-so-slowly flex, curling inwards but not quite into a fist, then stretching outwards again as if it were fantasising about getting something between them. Its back had a distinct curve from the way it was stood, leading up to a distended neck, then a head that was just a little too large.

Silent, creeping step after silent, creeping step, the thing drew closer to my bedside. All I could do was watch, praying in my imprisoned mind to whatever God would hear to let me wake up, to escape this paralysis and be rid of this torturous vision. Finally, it stopped, standing inches from where I lay.

It was so close I could hear a strained, labored breathing from within the core of its chest. Only now, with it this close did I realize its sheer size. If it were to stand up straight, I’m certain its bulbous head would reach the ceiling. The thing remained there, slowly rising from its crouched stance to loom over me, the sound of its rattling breath creaking like a ship at high sail. Those oversized hands, still slowly and obsessively grasping at air, rose and reached towards me. Whilst I was entirely unable to move, I still felt like I was shivering in fear, my vision blurring from tears of fear welling in my eyes.

I could feel them. I could feel the long, cold, wet fingers close over my shoulders as it took hold of me, its face coming nearer to mine. The thing smelt of blood and pus, foul and rotten... It took a long, slow inhale, and as it did its mouth opened, splitting across the lower center of its head with dripping lines of black, tar-like saliva that drooled down onto my bedsheets… and then it screamed. It screamed and began shaking me violently, throttling me as it shrieked and roared and wailed like the incarnation of every lunatic ever locked away, the sound so loud it should have burst my eardrums, the shaking so violent it should have broken my neck.

I woke up screaming. I screamed my throat hoarse, then I coughed and cried, sitting up in my bed. I kept wheezing, barely able to breathe, then felt my stomach rise. Too weak to move, I vomited there on my bed, a splatter of sheer red. Another few coughs and I collapsed back, blood and bile trickling down my pale cheek as I lay there in a daze, panting raggedly.

My eyes lazily turned to the spot the apparition had appeared in before, the screaming, rasping shade. Nothing. Of course, nothing. No sign it had ever been there. But then I winced, bringing my hand to my left shoulder, feeling across the spot it had held me. Bruises. Midnight-purple stains on my bare skin that ached to touch, a matching mark on each side.

I refuse to believe that thing was real. For the sake of my own sanity and my ability to ever sleep again, I reason I did that to myself. Deep down, part of me knows that isn't true.

When my strength returned, I called off work and saw a doctor. I told her about what had happened that morning (leaving out the details that would get me admitted), which prompted her to run a number of tests. She put me through a lung function test, then a chest x-ray, then a blood test. The same day, they performed a biopsy.

A few hours ago, I was diagnosed with early onset lung cancer. Thanks to the near instant diagnosis, It’s treatable. I still have a life ahead of me.

That’s why now I’m grateful, in spite of the fear, the panic and the trauma, that every morning, I wake up screaming.Now, I am aware of all the 'haha, Detroit bad' memes floating around the internet, but most of you have never been there. Being a real estate agent in Detroit is NOT easy because of all the negative assumptions, but most parts of the city are nowhere near as dilapidated as memers on the internet think.

White people love to gentrify where it's cheap, and immigrants like cheap housing where they can plant roots, and you would be surprised how busy that keeps my agency overall. The importance is the pitch: fix-em-ups and historical buildings are desired.

But there's this one house. The RV is 100,000 but we're currently trying to sell it for 25,000, the price drops every year. I'm not going to tell you the address, I've seen the videos of dumbasses on the internet, 'urban explorers',  who go and look inside abandoned Detroit buildings. Does the collapse of the black middle class excite you? Morbid curiosity?

Our new angle is saying this house is in Hamtramck, but it's actually in Poletown East. The rest of the street is occupied and low crime. The house itself has no boarded windows or secret squatters. Three story  house including attic and basement, four bedroom colonial style house. It's beautiful with a little more TLC needed. It was foreclosed by the bank in the 90s after the last owner never made any payments. That's almost thirty years on the market.  In my decade as an agent I have had literally hundreds of couples and families get to the cusp of owning the house before pulling out.

So, what's wrong with the house? It's not the house itself, it's *her.* We call her Ma'am, because the running joke is whenever an agent sees her in the house the first thing we say is "excuse me, Ma'am?".  We have a whiteboard tally in the office of how many encounters we've had. One agent, we'll call Laura, has had fifteen. I've only had six.

The first time I saw Ma'am was in 2012. I was setting up for a young couple to view the property when I heard the sink running in the kitchen. Through the archway I saw a black woman with bouffant hair and a floral house dress with her back to me, seemingly washing dishes. "Uh, hello, Ma'am?" I stuttered, surprised. My first thought was a mentally ill woman had somehow gotten in. She did not react. I entered the kitchen and was about to ask who she was when she spun around. She looked right through me like I wasn't there. The look of fear in her eyes was something that has stuck with me since.

An exploding noise went off like thunder in the room, I instinctively dropped to the floor, shaking. The woman's face exploded and she was thrown back against the kitchen counter. Ears ringing, I crawled across the floor to the kitchen island to hide. My body shook so violently I couldn't get up. Thing is, nobody was there. The lady was gone, no blood stains, no smell of gunpowder lingering. I pulled out my phone to call 911 before stopping myself. I had no plan to look like a madman calling about a hallucination, that wouldn't be good for business. That's the same reason you won't find this house on ghost-dedicated websites or any shit like that--we still have a house to sell.

That was by far the most vivid experience I've had with Ma'am. Other agents have heard the gunshot from another room. Others have walked into the kitchen and seen the dead woman lying there. More mild events are seeing Ma'am putting up laundry in the garden or doing other basic chores. Vacuuming is heard quite often. The joke is that she does the upkeep for the house so we don't have to. Prospective buyers have also experienced these apparitions, and word got around quickly in the neighbourhood, nobody who already lives in Poletown East would ever buy this place.

A few years back I finally did some digging into the history of the house. I contacted the man who had the house foreclosed on. Turns out he was the son of the original owners and he didn't have the funds to keep it, nor did he want to. He told me his mother was a homemaker and his father worked at the Packard Plant until it closed down, and after that the marriage started falling apart. Ma'am, as I learned was named Jean, was in the kitchen when husband Lawrence came in with a shotgun and blasted her. He then went to sit on the couch, used his toe to shoot himself in the head. The son was off at Howard University... but he never graduated and apparently works various short-term jobs now.

There is one couple that wanted to buy the place just this year. They had gone through the historical records themselves and knew the history, and spoken to locals about the hauntings. They offhandedly  mentioned they want to turn it into a haunted Air BnB experience. In all honesty, I don't want to sell to them. I don't think that's fair to Ma'am after all she went through.With a reputation like mine, nobody’s going to believe a word I have to say, but I’m going to tell my story just the same. I was thirteen the first time I seen it. My little sister, Lucy, and I were having our big campout in Bolton’s woods. It was the kind of place children could lose whole summers to, swimming in the creek, climbing to the top of the trees to touch the clouds, trading baseball cards, and other less savory material…

The woods was safe as Mayberry; parents knew their kids were safe as houses there. But even still, everyone knew to be out of there before dark. There were rumors of a creature that stalked the grounds and was particularly fond of young, soft, flesh. But those were just boogiemen stories, right? I mean what area doesn’t have its own urban legend to keep the children in line?

Lucy, two years my junior, wanted to prove to me how brave she was. She was the one who planned everything out. She told her mom that she was going to be sleeping over at Mia’s house. Mia had her own phone line and a big sister who sounded old enough to cover when our mom called to check in. She also insisted on being in charge of packing all the previsions: two sleeping bags, snacks, dad’s Stinger flashlight; if we were going to do this, she was going to make sure we did it right. Pretty crafty for an eleven year old.

We left the house at three in the afternoon. The plan was for us to find a place to camp out then meet up with Lucy’s friends so she could show off how tough she was by spending a night in Bolton’s fabled woods.

“I bet you’ll chicken out and run home crying to mommy,” Chad Peterson teased. Chad was a bully, and Lucy was his favorite target, probably ‘cause she wasn’t afraid to fight back.

“Lucy ain’t no coward. If Rootsy does show up, I bet *it’ll* be afraid of *her*!” Billy Emerson had a crush on Lucy since kindergarten, and always stood up for her, weather she wanted him to or not.

“Thanks Billy, I can take care of myself.” This was one of those times Lucy didn’t want anyone else defending her honor, she wanted to do it herself. She walked in circles around Chad, and scrunched up her face as she spoke. “And Chad, I just think you’re jealous that a girl has bigger balls than you.”

Chad shoved Lucy, almost knocking her over. Before I could intervene, she rushed him and pinned him to a tree. “I’d think twice about messing with me if I were you. After I show Rootsy who’s boss, he’ll be working for me.” Lucy removed her arm from Chad’s throat. “And I just might have him pay you a little visit.”

Chad gulped hard, then looked around and noticed the other kids starting to laugh. He straightened himself up and said, “E-E-Everybody knows Rootsy ain’t real.” Chad straitened out his jacket and tried to recompose himself.

“If you’re so sure, then why don’t you stay with us?” Lucy challenged. Billy’s face dropped a little, like he was the one who wanted to get the invitation.

“I can’t, because…” Chad’s words trailed off into the ether.

“Because you’re mommy won’t let you?” Lucy cocked her eyebrow and put her hands on her hips.

“Whatever,” Chad scoffed. “I’m outta’ here.” Chad picked up his bike, and peddled himself into the realm of faded memories.

“I guess you showed him, huh?” Billy fidgeted his feet as he spoke.

“Yeah. I mean, whatever,” Lucy said, wiping her brow.

“Hey Lucy… be careful.” Billy’s voice was full of genuine fear.

“Don’t tell me you actually believe in Rootsy.” Lucy seemed genuinely incredulous.

“Well, it’s just… there could be other things, you know? Like wolves or something.” Billy took a long pause. “And besides, you see, my mom is taking my sister and me to go see the new Rat’s Tale movie, and she said that I could invite a friend if I wanted…” Billy hopped that his insinuation would be enough to get Lucy to fill in the rest.

“And?” Lucy responded.

“And I was wondering if you wanted to go with us. If you’re into that sort of thing.”

Lucy thought it over for a moment before nodding her head, and saying, “sure. It’s a date.”

Billy’s face turned seven shades of red from her response. He grabbed her hand and shook it like a car salesman who just made the deal of a lifetime. “Great. I guess I’ll see you then!” Billy was shacking so hard with excitement that he dropped his bike three times before finally mounting it.

We made our way back to camp. It was still a couple of hours till sunset and Lucy wanted to explore the area to stake out hiding spots and a good escape route. She insisted that it was because there might be wolves or bears, but her face said otherwise.

We’d both been told the story of Rootsy since before we could remember. In the late sixties, there was a string of child abductions around the area. When body parts started showing up in the woods, people’s imaginations ran wild. I guess it’s easier to believe in the boogey man than to believe another person – another human being -- could do such a thing.

They eventually caught the man responsible, though. He had a dinky little shack in the middle of the woods where he did his dirty work. According to legend, all of the parents got together and burned his murder shack the ground after he was caught. His name was Eddie Miller. People said that he was a full grown man with the mind of a child. His parents couldn’t afford to put him in a proper institution, and as they got older, he was too much for them to take care of. He never actually confessed to the murders, and people who knew him said that he was too sweet to hurt a fly. Either way, he was sentenced to death by hanging.

Two hours after the sun had set Lucy was starting to get restless. She suggested that we should just call it a night and go to sleep. I had brought my allowance money with me, and said that we could wake up early and grab breakfast at the dinner before heading home. We crawled into our sleeping bags, and drifted off to sleep.

I’m not sure what time it was when I started to hear the rustling. At first, I thought it was just a jackrabbit. It got louder, and I could feel the ground start to move beneath me. I shook Lucy awake.  She grabbed the flashlight and shined it in front of us. I could see the ground move. Clods of dirt started to rise, and something started to poke out from beneath them. My head was still foggy from sleep, and my vision was a little blurry.

“Lucy, I think we should go. Like, now.” I grabbed Lucy by the arm, but she pulled away. She kept the light focused on whatever it was that was coming up out of the ground. It looked like thick strands of rope. It took me a moment to realize they were tree roots. As they emerged, they started to twist together, forming legs and a torso. I decided I had seen all I needed to see.

I grabbed Lucy and started to pull her away. Before I could take three steps, that thing shot out a long, thick tendril of vine, and wrapped it around Lucy’s leg, pulling her from my arms. I felt the warmth trickle down my leg. All I could do was piss myself as I watched Lucy get dragged away. I know I should have done something, but I was scared to death, so I ran. I ran so fast that I thought my legs would snap. I didn’t stop running until I got back home.

The next morning they sent out a search party to look for Lucy. It didn’t take long for them to find her body. She was bruised all over, and three of her fingernails were missing from her trying to fight back. Her head had been cut clean off and was found thirty feet away from her body.

It didn’t take long for the rumors to start. First, they were just that I had killed my sister. But as time went on, they started to grow and became unseemly: there was a whole email chain where people – people from my own god damn community – outlined in terrific detail how I violently rapped, then murdered my younger sister.

My parents started to fight all the time. My mom couldn’t look me in the eyes. I tried to tell here that it was all Lucy’s idea, and that I wanted to save her, but she wouldn’t hear it. As people around town started to whisper louder and louder, my mom’s suspicion grew larger. After all, I was the last one seen with her. We were in the woods -- alone. The autopsy report detailed the nasty condition her body was in, and I knew my mom was vividly picturing me – her only son – pulling down Lucy’s underwear, spreading her legs open, forcing my erect penis inside her, then sawing off her head after I was done having my way with her.

My dad had always been what you might call “a man of few words”, but after mom left, he became quiet as a mime. His nightly routine was to come home from work, heat up a TV dinner, then drink till he passed out. He bought cheep vodka by the handle, and it was easy for me to siphon some out without getting caught. It helped dull the pain of what happened. It became a substitute for real happiness.

What started out as a few nips before bed became an increasing habit. At night, when my dad was passed out, I would siphon out a little extra vodka into a jar for in the morning. I’d finish it off before catching the bus, and the buzz helped steel my nerves facing the other kids. My freshman year, Tommy Torellie brought a joint to school. His older brother sold pot and would kick him down a gram or two here and there. It didn’t make me as sloppy as getting drunk, so at the time, I thought I had found the perfect alternative. While the other kids were just experimenting with drugs, I was joining the majors.

My grades started to take a dive, and along with them, the prospect of getting into a good collage. It was looking like I was going to be a burnout by my senior year. When it became clear that I wasn’t going to graduate, I started looking into other options of employment. Tommy’s brother seemed like he was doing well for himself, so I decided to follow suit and sell pot to my former classmates after school. It might have been more lucrative if I wasn’t smoking more than I was selling.

When I was nineteen, my dad decided he’d had enough, and told me I had to find another place to live. I started packing up what little I had, and was ready to go out and face the great unknown. The night I was going to leave, I came down stairs to find my dad slumped over in his chair. I didn’t think anything of it at first – this was his nightly routine after all. But he normally snored like a chainsaw, and that night, I didn’t hear a whisper. When I took a closer look, I could see that his chest wasn’t moving. His mouth was wide open, and his tongue had flopped out and was hanging down to his chin. My old man died of a heart attack sitting in his chair.

He left just about everything to me in his will. The house was completely paid off, so all I had to worry about was utilities and property taxes. He also had a hundred grand life insurance policy, which to a nineteen year old burn out seemed like enough money to last a lifetime. You’d be amazed at how fast you can burn through that much cash when most of it’s going up your nose.

Over the years I never had much luck in love. I had the occasional one night stand, with a few repeat customers. My longest relationship lasted nine months. Her name was Kelly, and she was a journalist for some women’s rights magazine. We went to high school together, but we didn’t know each other. She was busy trying to make something of herself while I was busy chasing grass. She contacted me after my father died, and said that she thought I would make an interesting profile for a piece she was working on. She always said she believed me, or at least believed that I didn’t kill my sister, and I think she was being honest, in the beginning anyway. Either way, I wasn’t surprised when she decided it was time to pack her things and move on.

Last year the house next to mine sold. It was intended as a starter home for a married couple. They had an eight-year-old daughter named Jessica. The month prior to their arrival I adopted a dog; an energetic boxer with one eye. I named her Lucy, after my sister. Jessica would always sneak into my back yard to play with her. I didn’t mind, but it freaked out her parents that their daughter was spending so much time at some strange mans house. I can’t say that I blame them. If I had a kid, I wouldn’t want them hanging around my back yard neither.

One evening I heard a commotion in my back yard. I went out side to see Jessica and Lucy in the middle of a tug of war match. Not wanting any trouble, I told Jessica that she needed to head back home.

“Can I stay just a little longer, pleeeeeeaaas,” she protested.

“The sun’s going down. Don’t you know what that means?” I figured if I scared her with the story of Rootsy, she’d listen and head back home.

“What happens when the sun goes down?” she asked with wide eyes.

“You see those woods over there?” I said, pointing to the clearance across the street.

“Yeah.”

“Well, there’s a creature that lives there called Rootsy. Legend says, he comes out at night and hunts children who are out after dark.” There was a glimmer of fear in her eyes, so I decided to seal the deal. “He might come after you if you’re not home before the sun goes down.”

The fear left her face in a flash as she rolled her eyes. “Yeah right. You’re just trying to scare me.”

“You better not test it.” I thought that would be the end of it.

“You’re a liar, and I’m going to prove it!” Jessica stomped her feet, and ran out the gate. I should have chased after her, or told her parents right then and there. But I had a freshly cut line of some prime horse, and I was getting itchy.

Later that night I was jolted awake by the sound of police sirens. I got to my window in time to see the last squad car pull in to the driveway next door. I cracked open my window and I could hear Jessica’s mom howling to the police that her little girl was missing. She motioned over to my house, and said that the last time she saw her was coming out of my back yard.

They found her body the next day. The details almost matched exactly the way they found Lucy so many years ago. By noon, I was in handcuffs. With my history, and the fact that I was the last person to see her alive was all the DA needed to press charges.

So that’s why I’m writing you this letter now. I know it’s a long shot, but my only hope is to prove that Rootsy is real, that *he’s* the one that killed my little sister, and that he’s the one that killed Jessica. I’ve seen every episode of your show, and I know that you’re the best in the business. Ernie the paranormalist, you’re the only one who can help me now.

Signed: [Sam Billings](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VGDZX_XEdDw&t=2s)A couple of nights ago, I was home alone, sitting by my kitchen counter, scrolling down social media posts aimlessly on my laptop.

It was another one of my typically boring yet leisurely weekend nights.

I live alone and am not into social life, which is definitely why I am still single in my early 30s.

I checked the time—10:00 pm, time to get ready for bed when a sudden knock on my front door shocked me so much that I almost spilled my night tea onto my laptop.

“XXPD, we are here answering an emergency call from this residence. Please open the door.”

*What the…but I didn’t make an emergency call!*

Baffled, I quickly made it to the front door and pulled it open.

“Eh, good evening officers. I’m sorry, but you’ve probably made a mistake. I didn’t make an emergency call.” I offered an awkward smile while speaking.

The two officers outside, on the other hand, did not seem upset by my clarification at all.

One of them introduced themselves, “Hello, ma’am, I’m officer Blythe and this is my partner officer Duchamp.”

Interestingly, they were wearing their name tags on their uniforms, so I got to see their full names— “Rayner Blythe” and “Greg Duchamp”.

“We received a call from this address; the female caller claimed to hear the crawling sound of a large animal on the second floor while she was in the living room. Do you live alone, ma’am? Is there another woman in your house?” Officer Blythe went on to ask, his gaze moving away from my face to the stairs between my kitchen and living room leading up to the unlit hallway on the second floor.

“No, I live alone and AM ALONE tonight. I really didn’t hear anything abnormal, and I certainly didn’t make or hear anyone make an emergency call. Are you sure you have the right address?” I was getting more and more confused.

“Is your address XXXXXXXX?”

“Yes, but…” I did not know what to say. They had the right address. My discomfort was turning into slight fear at that moment.

“Well, ma’am, looks like we’ll have to come in and have a check on things. You might have been entertaining some unwanted guests this whole evening.” Officer Blythe said half-jokingly, exchanging a look with his partner that almost felt like a silent chuckle.

Already disturbed, I did not appreciate their bordering-flippant attitude, but then I looked at the wild darkness behind them in front of my forlorn house, and somehow told myself maybe to have these policemen do a check for me would not be the worst idea.

“Relax, ma’am, we’re pretty sure it’ll turn out to be nothing. Maybe the caller herself offered the wrong address. We’ll just take a quick look to confirm everything and move on.” Officer Duchamp finally spoke, taking a large step forward, inviting himself inside my doorway, forcing me to step aside.

Officer Blythe followed suit naturally.

They went straight for the second floor; I turned on all the lights for them.

They checked everywhere, even used their flashlights to look under the beds and outside the windows.

After finding nothing, they left.

From my porch, I watched their figures dissolve into the dark, realizing I did not see a police car.

Maybe they had parked somewhere else nearby, but the thing is, I did not go on to hear any engine starting or see any headlights appearing in the vicinity either.

A chilling wind reminded me to go back inside; I returned to my laptop, not knowing what to make of this incident.

I was more than just weirded out. I was somehow deeply disturbed.

Something was not right here.

The content of the alleged emergency call itself was already creepy enough, even without finding anything wrong in my house, not to mention the fact that the police officers themselves were also very out of the norm, suspicious even.

First, they did not seem to have a car; second, they both looked…ruffled.

I know police work is supposed to be rough and one should always expect an officer and their uniform to come across as a bit worn, but those two almost looked like they had been out there in the elements as fugitives in police uniforms for quite a while.

*So, are they actually nonpolice pranksters?*

*Middle-aged pranksters?*

*Was this whole incident some elaborate yet harmless prank?*

I probably need to call the police—the real police—to see if they have these two in their department.

Running all these thoughts in my head, I half-mindedly typed the two officers’ names into the search engine—maybe their names would pop up in a digital roster or something like that from the local police website.

Shockingly, their names did pop up together on the very first entry of the search results.

It was no police roster though; it was not even related to the police.

It was an article—a story to be more precise—from a blog about occult stuff, urban legends, and unsolved real-life crimes.

The article was published 5 years ago and the title read “Where did officer Rayner Blythe and officer Greg Duchamp go after their last mission—answering an emergency call regarding a ‘malicious crawling figure’ on the second floor of a residence in a wooded area”.

Two things simultaneously ensued: that I immediately got down to reading the story and that a knot formed in my stomach, not just because this freak incident kept getting more ominous with more content, but also because the address of the “residence in a wooded area” was exactly the same as mine.

Ok, I am not transcribing the whole article here; I will just give you a synopsis:

••••••

One night about 9 years ago (4 years ago from the article’s author’s perspective), officer Blythe and officer Duchamp came to this address to answer an emergency call placed by the female owner of the residence. The caller named Laurie Randall stated while watching tv in her living room, she heard the clear sound of something, probably a large animal, crawling in the hallway upstairs. Upon checking, she found blood trails on the stairs leading up to the second floor. Not daring to go upstairs, she called the police for help.

The officers arrived at the house and the woman was waiting for them on the porch.

She looked like about to go into hysteria, but the police quickly calmed her down;

She then told them she was 52, living alone, and had no doubt there was something very malicious and dangerous in her house, and that she dared not go back inside.

The officers asked Laurie to stay put on the porch and entered the house by themselves. They got to the stairs and instantly saw a blood trail on them.

The trail only reached halfway down the stairs, like something was originally heading downstairs but changed its mind halfway and went back up.

Guns-drawn, the officers then followed the trail onto the second floor, covered the entire hallway, and entered the bathroom at the end.

The blood trail made them believe it must have been a predator dragging its bloodied prey around, except that they failed to notice any claw print in or near the trail; even more unnervingly, they found shapes in the trail that resembled prints of a human hand.

After getting inside the bathroom, they quickly noticed the window was left wide open and that the blood trail was heading outside, so maybe the crawler originally accessed the interior through this window and, after having somehow decided not to move downstairs, climbed out through this same window.

The officers shone their flashlights out the window and inspected the surface of the outside wall.

To their surprise, the blood trail continued neither upward toward the roof nor downward toward the ground; instead, it went horizontally along the surface of the wall toward the front side of the house.

The whole scene was so bizarre and creepy. Neither officer could come up with a plausible explanation on the spot.

They decided to head down outside for further inspection.

They were expecting to see Laurie on the porch when they opened the front door, but there was not a soul outside.

The surrounding area was pitch black; where could she have possibly gone?

They called out for her, but the passing wind carried no reply.

Speculating she had been taken by whatever predator or entity that was visiting the residence, the officers were on full alarm.

However, before they could take any further action, a cold, gooey droplet landed on one of the officer’s face, and a few more followed on their faces and shoulders.

The officers looked at each other and saw it was blood on their faces and shoulders.

They tensed and looked up in unison to the porch ceiling, but whatever they saw ended this story right then and there, and very likely the two officers as well.

••••••

The article concluded abruptly, probably for theatrics.

There was no citing of sources nor any attempt at proving the veracity of the story.

Anybody else running into this article would just call it out as another lame urban-legend-wanna-be, but not me, not with all these matching details: the address, the officers’ names, and the content of the call.

I was starting to believe there might actually have been some crawling entity in my house, but It was already very late when I finished reading the article and I really wanted to go to bed, so I told myself to calm down and decided I was definitely going to check with the police department and also give my real estate agency a call the next day.

After that, I went to bed.

Sleep did not come easily and when it did come, it was disrupted by a sudden burst of frantic shouting outside my house.

“Oh god, please send help! Oh my god, there is blood…so much blood on the stairs…I can’t go back inside…please send someone, now!”

It was a woman.

I jumped out of my bed and bolted across the bedroom floor to the window, not even putting on slippers.

I leaned close to the window pane to look down at my porch.

I had left the porch light on, but of course, all I could see from up there was only the roof.

However, I could still hear the woman’s voice, albeit not clearly.

Her voice was much lower now.

I failed to make out exactly what she was saying, but I thought she was reporting her address.

A short while later, everything went dead silent.

*What the hell? How am I supposed to process this?*

Adrenaline simmered down and I started to realize how exhausted I really was. I needed to go back to sleep.

Maybe everything that had happened earlier had left such an imprint on my psyche that I was hallucinating the woman’s voice.

Sleep came once more, yet failed to last, just like before.

I woke up in the middle of the night again, this time not due to any noise.

One minute I was still in a deep slumber and the next I was wide awake, standing on my porch, in pajamas, staring at the stark night and shivering in the cold wind.

*What’s happening? I don’t understand…did I sleepwalk here?*

I felt like I was in a lucid dream, or maybe I was.

I turned around and found my front door ajar. I immediately pushed it open to go back inside but was petrified by what welcomed me in the doorway.

It was a standing corpse of a middle-aged woman, glassy-eyed, ashen-skinned, with the entire throat removed—shredded and torn away.

The mutilation did not stop at her neck but went all the way down to her groin.

She basically had had a canal dug out on her front torso, flooding the surrounding areas of her body with blood.

Red droplets were dripping down her fingertips and the edges of her clothes.

I was just standing there, frozen with fear, gawking at the emotionless face of the corpse.

The stillness was finally broken by the “corpse” coming back to life.

Trembling as if in agony, it slowly crouched and then leaned forward into a crawling position.

Taking zero notice of its paralyzed observer, it rigidly turned around on all fours and crawled its way deeper into the house.

Still a statue by the doorway, I watched the thing going straight to the stairs and ascending into the darkness on the second floor, leaving behind an ungodly trail of blood, like a worming slug from hell leaving behind a trail of crimson mucus.

The next thing I knew, I was waking up in my bedroom with the morning sunlight spilling through the window.

It was a fine day, but my head was hurting and I felt anything but well-rested.

The realization that the woman from the previous night was just a dream, a nightmare, failed to put me at ease by any means.

She was probably the house owner featured in the article I had read the night before.

Maybe my brain had gotten inspired by the article and conjured up the nightmare.

Or maybe the story in the article was real and the woman was actually paying me a visit in my dream as a paranormal entity. If so, I did not know what to make of it.

I took a shower, had some breakfast, and called my real estate agency.

I already knew my house was 3 years old; it had replaced an older one at the exact same location and had adopted the old one’s address.

The former owners—a couple—had decided to sell it after having lived there for 2 and half years because they had inherited a mansion somewhere else.

I, of course, had been the one that had bought it over from them, very happily.

I garnered zero useful info whatsoever from the phone call.

The agency told me straight they did not know anything about whoever had owned the previous house nor the previous house itself.

They suggested I talk with the local police, which was exactly what I went on to do.

I first inquired about the existence of the two officers.

To my surprise and horror, the department revealed those two had indeed been part of their team many years before but refused to further disclose any info regarding how they had left the police force.

When I went on to tell them I had received a visit from those two the night before due to an alleged emergency call from my address I had known nothing about, they confirmed the call was nonexistent and decided to send someone over to investigate.

Shortly afterward, another pair of officers arrived on my porch.

They showed me photos of officer Blythe and officer Duchamp.

I told them these were indeed the same people I had encountered.

They then revealed those two had gone missing 9 years before while answering an emergency call from the house at my address back then, made by the then 52-year-old homeowner Laurie Randall about mysterious crawling sounds.

When I asked about Laurie, they reluctantly added Laurie had gone missing too, presumably on the same night.

They then took my statement and left me their contact info before taking off.

After seeing them off, I finally let the severity of the situation sink in.

Those two officers were real people, or at least they had been 9 years before, which meant what/whoever had paid me a visit the previous night had not been pranksters.

*Or maybe Rayner and Greg were indeed playing a prank on me?*

*For they disappeared from the police just to play cops as former cops on innocent citizens?*

In addition, the owner of the old house Laurie was or had been a real person as well, a real missing person just like the other two.

I had forgotten to ask the officers for her photo, but I did not think I needed it.

This whole thing was f’cked.

I got to my laptop and tried to search for local police or news reports on these missing person cases, but my search came up empty.

It seemed to me they had covered them up.

I did not think it was because the authorities were somehow involved. I assumed it was because they had details on the case that could potentially upset the community.

The police had merely revealed to me what they had felt comfortable to let on.

Next, I tried to contact that blog from the previous night but found out it had not updated for 4 years.

There was only an email address of the blogger on the contact page and I did not think it would help me reach anybody.

Nonetheless, I sent an email to the address, with zero expectation of getting a reply.

The day passed by, with my anxiety and fear culminating as the night fell.

However, though alarmed, I was still refusing to humor the idea that I was in any real danger.

I am not the superstitious type and I also told myself I would immediately call the police, should anything even remotely suspicious happen.

At 8 pm, with all the lights on, I was snuggling in my living-room armchair, pretending to aimlessly scrolling through all my feeds on various social media platforms, while in reality nervously paying full attention to each and every slight or imaginary thud and creak in the house.

When the night hit 10 pm—my usual shower-and-bedtime, I stood up, stretched my limbs, and yawned, ready to call it a day.

However, underneath all this normalcy, I was fiercely praying to God no crawling bloody woman would pay me a visit in my slumber tonight, nor any creepy former policemen in real life.

I shuffled to the bottom of the stairs, and my steps stopped cold.

The second-floor hallway was pointing over my head like the barrel of a gun—icy and dark.

The hallway lights had been turned off.

I did not do that; I had deliberately turned on all the lights in my house because I was scared.

Frozen with thrumming premonitions in my head, I hesitated about whether to call the police.

*“Some of my lights were mysteriously turned off; please send help!”*

*Would this make a reasonable emergency call?*

*But I promised myself I would call 911 even at the slightest suspicion of danger!*

“Thankfully”, My vacillation came to an end after a short moment.

The menacing gun-barrel of a hallway finally answered my doubt, emanating a noise I had just learned the previous night in my nightmare.

The same noise the gutted woman had made when she had tried to maneuver on all fours.

If the sound alone was not enough to completely freak me out, the associated visuals popping up in my head surely got the job done.

Covering my mouth with my hand to stifle a scream, I darted for the front door, but remembering what had happened to Laurie and the two officers on the porch, I stopped myself before turning the doorknob.

I probably should have just risked it, but at that moment, I was cornered by the crawling entity and my own concerns and was not thinking straight, so instead of leaving the house, I retreated into the living room, kneeling down behind my sofa which was a pretty useless cover, Lifting the phone to my face, and dialed 911.

“…something big is crawling in my second-floor hallway!...”

The dispatcher offered to stay online with me, but I refused. I had to be able to hear and discern what was going on around me. I could not afford to focus on the phone.

*As long as the police were coming, I should be fine.*

A sudden creak, probably from the door on the far end of the hallway, added to the consistent crawling.

The thing was entering my bathroom.

*Good, it's moving away from my side of the house then.*

But if the article from the previous night served as any reference, the thing was probably moving to the exterior of the house now, so it would be unwise for me to go outside.

I then hunched my back and silently sneaked into the kitchen to hide under the large counter.

I somehow thought that was a better cover; I had also grabbed a kitchen knife before crawling under.

*What to do now? Do I just wait here, or is it really that unsafe to leave the house, get in my car, and gas it?*

Beads of cold perspiration started roaming my skin.

I was yet again caught in indecisiveness.

Suddenly, out of nowhere, a flurry of strong knocks on the front door and the shouting from a male voice pulled me out of my dithering.

“Police, open the door!”

*Thank God! The police are finally here!!*

I was relieved.

*There is hope now!*

Then I remembered I did not hear any police car approaching and the next sentence from the knocking officer yanked me back to a worsening reality from my transient moment of hope.

He said, “We are officer Blythe and officer Duchamp. Ma’am, you already know us. Please open the door.”

“Or else we are gonna have to smash it\~\~\~.” Officer Duchamp chimed in.

Both of them sounded playful, even gleeful, like how a chainsaw-wielding serial killer would sound in their game of cat-and-mouse with the victim.

Oh, F’ck! Oh F’CK!! NO!!! God, please don’t let this be real!!!!

I was destroyed.

I had to bite into my thumb so hard just to stay quiet, warm tears of desperation welling in my eyes.

Loud thuds came from the front door, each one louder than the last. They were ramming the door with their bodies.

An explosion of splintering wood erupted in the doorway, with the sound of a human body hitting the ground.

Both of them giggled like a pair of teenage boys at a stupid obscene joke, and one of them was getting up from the ground.

I was sobbing by trying hard to hold back sobbing, but they seemed to have not taken any notice.

“Greg, can you hear that? I think Laurie is still up there in the bathroom.”

“Yeah, that dumb ass b’tch doesn’t know how to open a window without smashing it.”

Sniggers.

“How about let’s go help out? We’ll sweep the first floor later.”

“Your call, boss.”

Then I heard footsteps ascending the stairs.

I was not even trying to analyze the situation anymore. What would be the use anyway?

The only thing I knew was that they left me alone on the first floor, that Laurie was still inside the house and that the front door was already shattered, so I would be able to walk through it without it creaking.

I hastily tiptoed to the door and dashed for my car.

However, once at the car, I remembered my key was still lying on the nightstand in my bedroom.

Damn! Damn my STUPID habit of not having my car key on my person at all times!

It would be suicidal to double back and go upstairs.

Time was of vital importance; I could not afford to freeze again.

So, I steered myself into the woods.

That patch of the woods serves as a shortcut to a gas station not too far away.

It was dark but I believed I could make it quite easily.

I would only need to spend 10 minutes in the woods and I would be in the company of other humans again.

Once inside, I inevitably slowed down even though I had my cellphone flashlight on. There was no path in the woods, just untrodden wilderness.

I also had to constantly turn back and observe the surroundings to see if anybody was following.

… I got away a little too easily…or am I just too scared to feel safe again?

The ten minutes walk felt like a 10 years march, and I felt like I was trudging in a dark tunnel, insulated from any hope and warmth.

However, with each tunnel comes the light at the end.

After a “decade”, I finally caught a glimpse of the distant gas-station lights.

My instincts told me to scream, to let my voice, traveling at the speed of sound, reach the haven first so I could at least get a vicarious taste of security and hope when suddenly a wet drop landed on the tip of my nose.

It smelt like decaying blood.

More drops followed.

Before it dawned on me what was going on, I subconsciously looked up toward the forest canopy…

And that is the last thing I remember from yesterday.

••••••

Right now, I am lying on a patch of grass deeper in the woods.

I may not remember exactly how everything ended yesterday, but I still remember all the pain toward the end.

That is not important now though.

Now I am not feeling any pain, nor any comfort either.

What I am feeling, lying here with my throat, my ribcage, and my stomach torn open, is a primordial hunger, a yearning animal inside me, and a presence not far away—the presence of some young people—teenagers, wandering, exploring nearby, probably in search of some harmless juvenile thrill in the darkening woods.

The time on my cellphone says it is dusk outside the woods.

Their life energy, delicate yet vibrant, is threading through the shrubs and thickets like a school of fish, luring me into action.

I have to put down the phone now, for I have to go satiate my hunger.

I do wish I could keep updating you guys on my new unlife, but I am afraid very soon the animal inside will take over and leave me with but a tiny fragment of my human intelligence, probably right after this first hunt I am about to embark on.

I wonder who will become the next owner of my house and if the “gang” (you know whom I am referring to) will eventually come looking for me.Monster Mercenary- https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/kmvaqw/monster_mercenary/
Origins- https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/l58ybj/monster_mercenary_origins/
300th mission- https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/lf0r6m/monster_mercenary_300th_mission/

My name is Jack and I am a monster Mercenary. As I’ve said before god is an ass and this why.

“I’m dead... in heaven... and your god?” I said in disbelief. “Don’t believe in me son? I am the all mighty after all. The creator of heaven and earth.” The supposed, and very narcissistic, god responded. “Well, I didn’t know before, but I do now I guess.” I muttered. “That’s not why I’m surprised though. Even though they’re monsters, I still killed people, souls. And I did it for an albeit handsome paycheck too. Isn’t that like a sin? Shouldn’t I be in hell?” 

God chuckled. “Your being too modest my boy. It’s not your time yet. You still have work to do, important work.” I looked at the tall man sitting in front of me as I realized something. “So, you killed me?!?” I stood up and shouted. “Why am I here? And what can I possibly do to help you? Aren’t you god himself?” I said continuing my tirade.  God quickly stood up, his expression drastically changing from peaceful to pissed. With a flick of his wrist I was violently pushed back into my chair by a strong invisible force. I shrunk in my seat, feeling like the size of an ant to the size of a human.

“That’s right I am god.” He stated in a loud booming voice which seemingly shook the room. “And your here because I willed it you insignificant piece of shit. How dare you address me, your god, that way.” I opened my mouth to speak up but with another flick of his wrist my mouth was closed and my voice unable to escape my vocal cords. “Your going to shut up and listen kid. Now, I’ll forgive your little outburst, just because that’s the kind of guy I am. But you listen here and you listen good.” I shook my head in understanding. 

He let out a long drawn out sigh before sitting back down in his throne like office chair. “There’s a war on the horizon Jack.” God began. “My misguided and stupidly ambitious son has brewed up yet another scheme to destroy my beautiful creations; however this time I fear he might succeed.” I rose my hand with a question in mind. And God being... well God, he read my mind and answered my question. “Yes, I am talking about Lucifer. He and his son of evil, Belial, have created a demonic virus that corrupts the humanity in humans and brings out their  inner evils. The said virus corrupts their souls so if they were to be killed, then their souls go to hell. Not only are the bastards destroying the innocence of my creations and committing mass genocide, but are gathering an army of souls to try and overpower me and take over heaven.” I could see the worry well up in his eyes as he talked.

‘Where do I come in in all of this?’ I questioned again in my mind. Again God responded, “Belial has already possessed a man. He’s a... was a monster hunter like you. His name is James Anderson. They’ve already released the first versions of the virus and it’s brutal.” 

“Now, I’ve already enlisted the help of his kids. They don’t know and are also monster hunters, however they too have special abilities. His wife, who Belial brutally murdered, was a physic. Her gift was passed down to her daughter Marley. Belial also cursed her brother, Rodrick, and turned him into a demented version of a werewolf. However, I’m able to use this to my advantage. There are others I’ve begun recruiting, but they aren’t going to be enough against Lucifer and his growing army.” He continued. “Endex, your employer, has essentially been compromised. Lucifer and Belial have recruited Endex to capture one of my most important pawns, the demon Andelonious, or Andy for short. You’ve met him already, black eyes and possessing the body of a little girl?” Recognition slammed into my brain like a semi truck. Lily. “She’s being possessed by a demon?” I said astounded as my voice finally passed through my lips. God nodded his head. “But he’s a demon. How is he useful to you?” I questioned again. “He’s cursed.” God responded.

“Andelonious was Belials star pupil. That is however, until he tried to kill Belial himself. Belial was able to survive the assassination attempt and punished Andy for his crimes. He cursed Andy to forever posses and share the body with a young human girl, The girl Lily as you know, to always remind him that he will forever be lesser and weaker than Belial.” I brought my hand to my mouth, covering the agape hole. I didn’t feel bad for the demon himself, but the poor innocent little girl who had to share his curse. “This coupe has been planned for centuries. Luckily a demon hellbent on revenge, Andy,  brought my attention to it. Now this is where you come in Jack.” I sat up in the chair eager to finally know the reason why I was there. 

“You are to be my spy and the protector of Lily.” He said. “A lesser demon such as Andy can only protect his vessel so much. Seeing as you are a very capable fighter, and that little tracking ability you have, you are perfect for the job.” He looked down at an imaginary watch on his forearm. “Looks like our time is up here son. I’ll have Andy explain more later. One more thing before you go though.” 

I woke up in the back of the limousine. In the seat in front of me was Stone, passed out cold. She looked oddly peaceful in her slumber. In the drivers seat was little Lilly. She looked back noticing I was awake. Her eyes shifted to black, Andy was now in control. “Look who’s awake.” He said. “Done with the big man upstairs already? That was fast. Anyway, buckle up kiddo we’ve got some more time to kill before we’re where we are supposed to be. There’s a lot more we have to talk about, but for now sit back, relax, and listen to some of these tunes.” He then turned the radio to some pop station.

Doing as the demon said, I sat up and clicked the seat buckle into place. After I was done I looked out the window. It was dark and raining outside. 

Leaning my head back into the soft leather cushion of the seat, I closed my eyes and let everything sink in. 

Everything is more fucked up than I thought.**I’ve been struggling for a while to express what happened to me two years ago — hopefully, this is the right outlet. I haven’t been able to talk about it, so I thought writing might help.**

-

The inside of Endless Grounds was cosy and quaint, smelling of different assortments of teas and coffees. What I loved the most about it – was the fact that it had an area of sofas and armchairs where patrons could sit and relax while enjoying their beverage, as well as quick pick-up area, so if customers were in a hurry, they didn’t have to hang around. It was functional and it was comfortable and it was one of my favourite places to be.

It helped that one of my best friends worked behind the counter.

It was behind the counter I glimpsed Devon, a black apron over his red sweater, his dark green eyes immediately latching onto me when the wind chimes overhead jingled my arrival. The smile that was on his face quickly dropped, and I was sure it had everything to do in response to my expression. I must have looked pissed. 

I was pissed, so it made sense. 

In Devon-fashion, already adept at my impromptu mood-swings, he was putting together my favourite beverage, hands moving expertly as he sent me panicky glances. It wasn’t the first time I had made an appearance at his work. The first time has been sophomore year when Jesse Collin’s dumped me, and I had sobbed the entire story out to him in front of confused looking patrons. I’m not sure how the Devon friendship worked out. My usual friends were nowhere to be seen outside out school, and Endless Grounds was my comfort place. One thing had led to another after he had manged to spill steamed milk all over me, and instead of freaking out I had laughed. I’d laughed so hard he had joined in. That’s it. We were stitched together, Devon and I. An unlikely friendship that I would not give up for the world. Devon happened to also provide free coffee in my times of distress if his manager wasn't around. So that was also a plus. He was like my personal coffee boy. 

“A triple venti, half-sweet, non-fat, caramel macchiato is on the way,” Devon said, motioning to a cushioned stool at one side of the counter. I collapsed into it with a sigh and resisted the urge to slam my head on the wooden surface. In no time at all, my drink was sitting before me. He made himself one too. 

“Okay, what’s wrong?”

I only had to give him a look. 

“My mother.” I responded, slowly twirling the long straw around in my drink. I wasn’t thirsty.

Before Devon could question or say anything else, I pulled the flyer out of my pocket and slammed it down hard enough for the sound to reverberate throughout the shop. Several patrons that were still inside jumped and turned to glance me. I ignored them. Devon leaned across the counter and frowned at the flyer. He took another hasty sip of his drink with a hiss. “I don’t understand. What am I supposed to be looking at?”

I motioned to the flyer impatiently. “Read it!” 

And he had. I re-read it. With the exact same attitude I had the first time around. 

**BABYSITTER NEEDED.** 

**GOOD PAY.** 

**PLEASE RING: \*\*\*\*\*\***

**My address: 57 Jovenstone Drive. (Fancy and cosy. Ideal for students)**

So, pretty to-the-point. According to my mom I needed to contact them ASAP.

“Huh. Does this person want a roommate too?” Devon hummed, and I shot him the stink eye.

That was certainly not the reaction I was expecting from someone who was supposed to be as affronted as I was at that moment. I took a small sip of my drink and burned my tongue. “I’m not in the mood for your dumb jokes.”

Devon raised his hands in a sign of surrender before pressing his hip against the counter. He was far too calm for someone about to get his head ripped off. “Calm down and uncurl that talon.”

I assumed he meant my fingernails. 

“I’m guessing there is some backstory here. What did your mother do and why do you have this ad?” he scrunched his face up. "Babysitting?" he choked out a laugh. "No offence, this comes from a place of love, truly. But I wouldn't let a little kid near you. You'd probably stuff it in an oven and bake it into a pie."

“What?”

He rolled his eyes. "Annie, you hate kids."

"I do not!" I bit back, and he nodded slowly. "Right. So I'll just ignore the time when you yelled at a group of toddlers for pressing the buttons in the elevator in the museum when we went on a class trip."

"They were annoying me," I defended myself. "The little bastards deserved it."

"You told them they'll never amount to anything."

I picked up my drink threateningly. "Pick your next words carefully, Dev.”

The boy sighed and sat back, his gaze going back to the ad. "So go on then. Why do you have a sudden urge to babysit kids?""

I groaned. “I have no choice. Mom took my credit cards.”

Devon gasped. “She didn’t!”

“She did.” I said. “Now I have nothing to do all Summer, unless I get a crummy job.”

Devon nodded in understanding, his eyes widening. "So this is why you've decided to randomly take up child care." when I caught his eye, he was smirking. "Hey, it can't be that hard, right? My cousin is six, and is admittedly a nightmare," I must have looked horrified, because he cleared his throat, "But Pippa is sweet, honestly. When she's not having a breakdown when my aunt is trying to stop her chowing down on Tide Pods, she's actually kind of adorable." He raised his brows. “How old are the little brats?”

I raised a brow. “How do you know it’s plural?”

He smirked. “You tell me. Though it’s unlikely it’ll just be one lone kid.”

“I don’t know.” I stabbed the flyer with my index. “They haven’t exactly given me details.”

“Well. Shouldn’t you—”

I cut him off and grabbed my phone, motioning him to zip it.

The boy hummed, finishing his drink quickly. "Don't say I didn't warn you," he murmured, licking cream from his lips. "And when they inevitably sacrifice you to the pagan gods for a life time supply of Slurpee pops, do not expect me to save your ass. Because unlike you, I have a decent job I actually like and want to keep.”

I squinted at the number, dialling it quickly and pressing my phone to my ear. When the other end picked up I almost threw the phone down.

"Hi!” I swallowed hard, forcing a professional tone. "My name is Anabelle Chadwick, and I'm, um, I'm calling about the babysitting ad you put in the town's newspaper?"

The reply was automatic. A male. Oldish. Around my uncle’s age. He sounded southern. 

“Sure. Come around six. It’ll be fifty bucks for seven hours. How’s that?”

That was it. He didn’t ask my name or for any experience. I was a stranger, and he didn’t seem to care.

I didn’t know if that fact was a blessing or a cause for alarm bells. 

A coil of unease unravelled in my gut. "Tonight?"

"Tonight?!" Devon parroted, with wide eyes. He was following every word.

"Yeah, in about an hour. I gotta go out for a while and I’ll need someone. I just got rid of their old sitter.”

There was a pause. “Will that be a problem?”

"No, no, of course not!" I said quickly. "I'll be there. Thank you for the opportunity!"

He scoffed. “Sure. See you at eight, kid.”

The call ended, and I placed my phone back on the counter, and then pressed my head to the smooth surface. “I don’t know the first thing about kids.” I told the grains. 

Devon tutted. "Since when have you cared about people liking you? Annie, they’re children. Just assert your dominance. The worst thing they can do is have a breakdown over a melted Popsicle. And if they do, be strict. Give them another one. And if they still don't stop? Timeout. Sit them down, separating them from the others until calm is restored." The boy folded his arms. "If the timeout doesn't work, I can only suggest one thing."

I lifted my head, squinting at him. "What's that?"

His lip curled. "Surrender."

I fidgeted with my phone, turning it off and on again, tapping the screen nervously. "You're not funny.”

"I'm being serious. When Pippa realised I was on the edge of tears myself when I babysat her, she stopped crying and fell asleep on my knee, drooling on my jeans.  I would have thought it was adorable, but I had a migraine and felt like someone was smashing a brick into the back of my head to the tune of some heavy metal band.”

I nodded and pasted on a smile. "So mental breakdowns are evident, huh? I’m going to need caffeine, and a lot of it."

Devon grabbed my cup with a laugh. "I'll make you a Devon special." - The "Devon Special" was a chocolate mocha with shots of espresso and enough sugar to rot my teeth. It was sickly and smooth, the perfect treat. I downed the drink and listened to Devon talk about his date life, or lack thereof, my stomach twisting itself into a frenzy of nerves. Devon was halfway through chatting animatedly about a guy he'd met on Grindr when I noticed the time. Almost half past seven. I made a deal of getting up and grabbing my bag. It was a Friday night, my body was not made to work. It was made to sit by the pool and watch trashy reality TV shows with a glass of wine.  

“I better go.” I said, pretending to gag. “It was nice knowing you. If I go missing, you know where to look.”

Devon cocked a brow. “As usual, Annie, you’re being a drama queen.”

With reluctance I grabbed my coffee to go and bid Devon a goodbye. “I can’t wait to tell you *I told you so.”*

“Good luck!” He said from behind the counter, when I hurried back through the door, the windchimes signalling my departure, Devon waved an empty cup in the air in solidarity. “You’re going to need it!”

\-

It wasn't a long walk away. The streets were strewn with dead autumn leaves from the fall, and the sky sported black clouds. It looked like it was going to rain. I kicked through them as I walked. The same pain that had racked my head this morning came back with a vengeance. I found myself daydreaming, my gaze on the mounds of leaves I was kicking through, when my phone vibrated. I pulled it out quickly. There was a text from mom lit up on the notifications bar. Followed by a missed call. Ringing mom would mean telling her about the job, and I knew she would never stop talking. I really didn’t need that on the way to babysit some little brats for seven hours. 

**Mom: Annie, remember to inquire about the job. You’re sixteen now. It’s time to become an adult.** 

**Sure : )** I texted back. **This means I can get my cards back, right?** 

Anxiously tossing my phone from palm to palm, I jumped when it vibrated. 

**Mom: If you can prove to me you’re responsible and can earn your own money, then yes.** 

I didn’t text back, shoving the phone back in my jeans. I’d show her. 

It was dark when I finally found Jonstone Drive. Thank god for Google maps.

Soon enough I was standing in front of number fifty seven. The advert was right. It was fancy. The house looked old. Victorian perhaps. But it had aged well with a red brick structure, slanting roof and huge, wide windows bathed in warm golden light. A worn red fence surrounded the property, cutting the little house from the rest of the neighbourhood. There was no garden, except from a small patch of grass which looked like it had seen better days. I took tentative steps down the path to the front door. Devon was right, I hated kids. 

What was I doing? 

The front door was black. Like everything else, it looked ancient. I marched towards it, trying to ignore my catapulting gut. It wasn't until I was knocking three times on chipped mahogany, when I started to regret my spontaneous decision to prove my mother wrong. There was no way I could look after actual children. I could barely look after myself and thanked my lucky stars I was fairly privileged for my age and could get away with things like jobs and responsibilities. Well. That was until mom decided I had to grow up. I knew she was just trying to act like she was at least attempting to be a parent. I barely saw her most days. My parents were married to their job, so that left me to go off the rails (her words not mine). I had to give it her though. Actually standing up to me and taking away my cards was a bold move. She really was sticking to acting like an actual mother. 

There was no movement from inside the house. No lights switching on, or any indication there was somebody home. I swallowed hard, resisting the urge to knock again. Three times was rude enough, but I was impatient. 

I checked my phone. 7:55.

Maybe he wanted me on the dot, I thought.

It was when I was starting to consider abandoning the job all together and going home, when I caught a flash of light through the door. I watched the beam dance through the darkness for several seconds before landing on me. I blinked rapidly. The door opened and an oldish looking man appeared brandishing a flashlight. He looked to be maybe in his mid-forties with a receding hairline and a beard with bits of food stuck in it. Not exactly a good first impression, for him at least. I was sort of taken-aback by the fact that he was wielding a flashlight, but I manged a smile. “Hello, I’m Annabelle Chadwick. I’m here about the babysitting ad you put in the town paper.”

The man inclined his head. I waited for him to turn off the flashlight, but he didn’t. He stood in a pool of darkness, illuminated by torch-light, and I was starting to wonder if Devon was wrong. Maybe it wasn’t the kids who would sacrifice me to the so-called pagan gods, it would be him. “Annabelle, huh?” he chuckled. “I haven’t heard that name in ages. I had a classmate called Anabelle when I was seventeen. She moved away after we graduated.”

Nodding slowly, I maintained a smile. “Well, my name is Anabelle, but everyone calls me Annie or Anna.”

He grunted and held out his hand for me to shake. “Name’s West. Nice to meet you, Miss Anabelle.” 

Before I could return the pleasantries, the man was shoving the flashlight into my hand. “You will need this,” he said, and I struggled to grab it. It was an ancient looking flashlight and barely gave off enough light to fully illuminate my surroundings. “I’ve got a few rules that you need to follow, but they’re fairly straight forward. Why don’t you come in?”

When he opened the door for me, I had no choice but to step inside. The man had no problem walking into darkness, and I had to follow him quickly to avoid falling over. The flashlight didn’t help. The beam was weak, but I managed to stumble over the threshold and into what I guessed was the hallway. My surroundings were limited. I only saw an ancient looking coat rack and a pile of shoes on the floor. West led me through a door into the lounge area. Which, again, was pitch black. 

“There is a reason for the flashlight’s,” he said, leaning against the far wall. When I shone the light around, I glimpsed a plain looking lounge area with a sofa and coffee table covered with magazines and old looking newspapers. There was no sign of a TV, but there was an overflowing bookcase. “My kids unfortunately suffer from severe epilepsy. They are extremely sensitive to light,” he explained. “Which is why for the remainder of the night, you will have to use a flashlight, I’m afraid. That will also include cell phones.” He stepped forward and held out his hand. At first I was hesitant. I had planned to ignore the kids the whole time and text Devon, commentating my misery. When West waggled his hand, I plucked my phone from my jeans pocket and placed it in his hand. He chuckled. “Don’t worry, you will get it back when I return. I’m just taking precautionary measures for the children’s sake. You understand that, right?”

I couldn’t help it. The words were itching to crawl out of my mouth. “Yeah. Is that why you don’t have a TV?”

When the man spoke, I pointed the flashlight at him. He was nodding, his expression grim. “Indeed. Though I must also highlight our lack of reflective objects such as mirrors and kitchenware. The children are not fan’s of their own reflections. Which is why preparing their meals will not be necessary. I will leave money for a pizza.”

Something cold slipped down my spine. “They’re scared of their own reflection?”

He hummed. “Indeed they are. There are things that I should probably not tell you. You’re their sitter so as long as you do as you’re told and abide by the rules, you should be fine. I made that mistake the last time I told my dear Calista, their last sitter.” I must have looked surprised, or maybe freaked out, because he shot me a wide smile. His teeth were yellow and crooked in the torch light. “They’re good kids, Anabelle. I’m sure the four of you will get along. They don’t have any friends, only each other. It’s been like that for a while now.”

Why? That’s what I wanted to ask. But I didn’t. Asking that seemed rude, so I swallowed my words. 

“I’m sure we will.” I hurried to reply. I made a point of looking around the room. “Are they upstairs right now?”

West wandered over to the ratty sofa and picked up a jacket that was slung on the arm. He threw it on, smoothing down the front. “They spend most of their time in their rooms, so they will not be a bother. I know we do not own a television, but you are welcome to read anything from our collection on the bookcase. And if you are not to read, then I have a radio in the kitchen. I think it can pick up a station that kids are into these days.” The man shrugged with a smile. “My dear Aurora is a fan of Tessa Swift, or whatever her name is. I’m sure you will be able tune in something similar. Back in my day we didn’t have the variety you kids are lucky to have today.”

I nodded patiently. So the kids were possibly crazy, or unhinged, I thought. That hadn’t been in the ad. Though I couldn’t imagine “By the way: my kids are terrified of mirrors” would have been a good angle. I could deal with them. I had to deal with them. If not for the fifty bucks, then to prove my mother wrong. She was expecting me to fail and go crawling back to her. That was not going to fucking happen. I fidgeted with the torch trying to avoid eye contact with him. The man was staring into my soul. He had an expression I couldn’t read. But if I really tried, I could only see sadness. The way he was looking at me. He was sad. So incredibly sad. Invisible bugs were slithering down my spine. I had to change the subject. His intense eyes were freaking me out. I smiled so widely it felt like my jaw was going to concave on itself. “How old are the children if you don’t mind me asking?”

West shoved his hands in his jacket pockets and pulled out a crumpled piece of paper, his gaze flicking over whatever was written on it. “Oliver is my youngest. He is eighteen. Aurora and Eli are a year older.”

I nearly dropped the flashlight. My stomach shot into my throat. There was no way the kids I had been hired to babysit were older than me. I expected toddlers, not fully grown teenagers teetering on the edge of adulthood. 

At first I thought he was joking. But the man didn’t look up from whatever he was reading on the crummy bit of paper. I waited for him to look me in the eye and start laughing, but he didn’t. Maybe I was going to start laughing, I don’t know. I expected the whole thing to be one big joke and he would turn on the lights, three little kids making their appearance with wide smiles, giggling like the little brats they were. “You got her daddy!” I imagined their little voices in the back of my mind. Except that’s not what happened. Instead, I was standing in a partially pitch black room with a dying flashlight and a man who I was starting to consider having lost his mind.

“Eighteen?” I questioned him, my voice squeaking. “So, uh, they’re in college?”

The man looked up with squinty eyes. Something had changed in his expression. His lip was curved. He looked like he might say something before swallowing it, his lips broadening into a wild smile. “I should probably get going. I’ll be back at two, if that’s okay with you. You can sleep on the couch if need be. There’s spare blankets and pillows in the closet. Just make sure the children are fed and go to bed, and the night is all yours.”

I had to bite back a sarcastic retort. I was babysitting adults. Not even children. They were college kids, and West was acting like they were six-years-old. Instead of questioning him further, I gave a quick nod and followed him to the door. “Of course, Mr West,” I said, unable to resist rolling my eyes. Part of me still didn’t believe that they were older than me. “If they act up I’ll make sure to tuck them up in bed and read them a bedtime story.”

If he detected my sarcasm, West didn’t acknowledge it. He gave me a two fingered salute and left, shutting the door behind him. “I left twenty dollars taped to the refrigerator!” He shouted from outside. “Have a good night, Miss Anabelle!”

When I was alone, I automatically regretted handing over my phone. The flashlight was dimming, I could tell by the beam. At first I didn’t know what to do. I slumped down on the couch, but it was lumpy and uncomfortable. The magazines strewn across the coffee table were outdated TV magazines from the early 2000’s with yellowing pages curled at the corners. The day’s newspaper was poking from a pile of  posters that had been awkwardly torn from the magazines. I recognised one of them being Dawson’s Creek. One of my favourite shows. 

The newspaper headline’s weren’t too interesting. Someone was running for mayor, and there were reports of a bad smell near the church. Using the flashlight, I let the beam bounce across each page. Though there was nothing interesting. So, getting increasingly more bored, I decided to explore. I guess I wanted to know of West really had nothing reflective in the house. After a while of stumbling around in the dim light of the torch, I realised he was right. Though I did find myself in the closet in the hallway, by the front door. West’s words about spare blankets and pillows had made me wonder if I could make the couch comfier. When I opened the door and shined the flashlight, I was greeted to—bags. Multiple trash bags. I figured he was a hoarder, and the blankets were somewhere in there, so I got to work delving into them. The first thing I pulled out was a football jersey. In the torchlight, it was blue and gold, and covered in dust. High school, I told myself. If these kids were in high school, then sure, they probably had football jersey’s if they were on the football team. 

I should have left it then. I should have shoved the jersey back in the bag and shut the closet door. 

But I didn’t. Something was burning inside of me, an intense desire to understand West and his children. 

The next thing my hands grasped was a cheerleading skirt. Again, blue and gold. The school I went to definitely didn’t have those colours. We were black and red. I wondered which high school the kid’s had attended. 

The rest of the stuff was clothing. Though for much younger children. Compared to the jersey and cheerleading skirt, the other clothes were *old* old. Practically ancient. I set the flashlight on my lap and grabbed the last bag. 

This time it was hefty. I stuck my hand in, and this time my fingers curled around a bag of some sort.

Looking closer, it was a school bag. Or college back, I don’t know. It was a satchel type thing. When I delved inside, there were textbooks and what looked like a drawing pad. A sandwich wrapped in cellophane which was covered in mould, and a three cents in change. I didn’t think anything of the bag until something else slipped out onto the floor. An ID card connected to a green strap. When I turned it over in my hand, I found myself staring at a boy – maybe seventeen or eighteen. He wasn’t smiling at the camera, though there was an amused look in his eyes. He looked to be of Asian descent with olive skin and dark hair spiked into different directions. 

**CALEB SALTZMAN.** 

**HARWELL COMMUNITY COLLEGE.** 

**JOURNALISM.** 

“What are you doing?”

The ID slipped from my fingers, and I twisted around at the sound of the voice. Grabbing the flashlight, I struggled to point it, flailing in the dark. When the frantic beam relaxed, the hallway lit up in golden light, highlighting a shadow standing in the doorway. When I squinted, I swallowed a shriek. The girl looked to be one or two years older than me. She had curly blonde hair and pale skin. She wore a cashmere sweater and jeans. I don’t know what I was expecting – actually, no, I do. Even after West had told me his children were college students, I still expected toddlers running around. Though that was all I got from her profile. The torchlight wasn’t bright enough for me to properly take her in. I couldn’t see her expression fully, but I knew from the tone of her voice, she was annoyed. “Did my father say you could go through his private things, or are you bored?”

Instead of answering her, I jumped up and brushed myself off, trying not to think about the contents of the bags. “I was looking for blankets.” I said coolly. “Uh, sorry. I’m your sitter Annabelle. But you can call me Annie.”

“Aurora.” The girl responded in a deadpan tone. “Is dinner ready?”

I was speechless for a moment. I expected Aurora to perhaps have the mind of a child, but she seemed – normal. Just a regular teenage girl. But I couldn’t shake off that something was odd. Wrong. It didn’t make sense that West would hire a teenager to look after grown adults. As for the bags and clothes in West’s closet, I tried not to think about them. Except it was all I could think about. Caleb Saltzman. The name was on the tip of my tongue.

“Annie?” Aurora giggled. “Annieee?” she said, in a sing-song voice. “I asked when dinner was ready.”

Offering her a smile, my stomach was galloping. “I’m supposed to order a pizza, if that’s okay?”

She nodded. Though the girl still was not smiling. “Okay.” 

Aurora wasn’t great company. I expected her to go upstairs to her room, but she trailed after me like she really was a toddler. Using a landline phone I ordered two pizzas and a bottle of Coke. It was getting easier to work via torchlight. I kept bumping into things, most of the time it was Aurora, who followed me around like a puppy—but I got better. My vision seemed to adjust to the dark. When the food came, Aurora grabbed a slice of pizza and ate it in two bites, before cupping her mouth and shouting at the top of her lungs making me jump. 

“Oliver! Eli! Dinner!”

I was sharing out pizza slices when the two of them appeared. Two teenage boys, one of them eighteen or nineteen, definitely older, and the other was closer to my age. Like Aurora, I couldn’t fully see them in the dim of the room. The two of them were shadows, bouncing around the room in the torchlight. When they came close enough, I glimpsed different coloured hair, hues igniting in the mellow light. One of them was wearing jeans, and the other, shorts. “Nice.” One of them said. I caught the movement of them grabbing for a slice. “Dad got us a cool sitter.” His voice sounded like he was smiling, and I felt my cheeks blaze bright red. 

The other agreed, but his words were muffled by the pizza in his mouth. 

Aurora cleared her throat. “Annie, these are my brothers Eli and Oliver.” She said. “We have a sister too, but she—”

“Shhh!” one of the boys hissed. “Rory, what did dad tell you about keeping secrets?”

“Oh!” Aurora laughed. “My lips are sealed.”

That’s when everything got too much for me. I stood up shakily, blindly grabbing for the flashlight. “This is ridiculous.” I couldn’t help sputtering out a laugh. “Are you guys serious right now? Is this some kind of joke?”

“Is what a joke?” one of the boys said through a mouthful of pizza. 

“This!” I hissed. “Aren’t you college kids? Why do you need a sitter? You’re older than me!” 

Aurora stopped giggling. “Annie, you’re not supposed to ask questions. Our father was very clear.”

I was done. Striding over to the living room light, I clicked it on. I wasn’t expecting the room to flood with light. If West was so insistent on his children being sensitive to light, I figured he had adapted to living via torchlight. But I was wrong. When the light flashed on, I squeezed my eyes shut, blinded by the painful allure. 

And then Aurora screamed. 

It was the kind of scream I had never heard before. I’d screamed plenty of times, but Aurora’s sent my thoughts flailing, my body catapulting into fight or flight. It was primal and strangled, like an animal. When I turned to her, I saw her. If not a glimpse; blonde curls framing a heart shaped face. Her hands were over her face, and her body was trembling. Her legs were quivering. She was going to collapse. Next to her, the boys were in a similar stance. Though instead of screaming, they were stock still. Frozen. I finally saw them—at least *some* of them. One of them was dark haired, the other fair. The two of them looked catatonic, lips moving, but no sound coming out. I can’t explain Aurora’s cry, because there is no word in the English language I can use to describe it. It was animalistic. Pain. I felt her pain through that scream, and I don’t know how. Aurora was in pain. She was hurting. 

I don’t know how long Aurora screamed for. It felt like hours, but it was seconds. I only got sharp glimpses of each of them before I clicked the light back off, and the four of us were once again plunged into darkness. 

Aurora stopped screaming. 

But she didn’t cry. She didn’t yell at me. The girl went deathly silent in the dark. I waited for the boys to say something. They didn’t. After a moment, I heard chewing. Giggling. Aurora was eating her pizza again. 

“I love pepperoni pizza!” she sang. “Seriously, it’s like the best. Did you get it from Domino’s?”

When I didn’t reply, she nudged me. “Annie. Did you get the pizza from Dominoes?”

“Hmm?” I felt like I was going to be sick. “Oh, I did, yeah.”

After dinner, the kids went upstairs. There was a point when I found myself at the door, ready to make a break for it, when I remembered West had my phone. I would have to wait it out. So I did. I sat on the sofa and tried to think about other things, like Devon, and school, and my mother. But my brain wouldn’t let me. Instead I was thinking about Aurora’s scream, and the boy’s expressions. I hadn’t gotten a chance to properly look at them, but I knew none of them looked like Caleb Saltzman. Which led me to the closet once more. I felt like I was walking on air, compelled to the trash bags piled on top of each other. Once again, I used the flashlight, and dug out the key pieces of clothing. 

The jersey, the cheerleading skirt, and finally the bag with the ID. 

I checked the jersey and skirt for name tags. No such luck. 

Then I got desperate. I delved into another bag, this time pulling out baby clothes. Old. Covered in dust. But right at the bottom, between discoloured tiny sweaters and mini mouse dresses, there was something else. 

A single shoe. 

Converse. Blue and red. Boys, I guessed. 

I checked the inside sole for a name—and found one. It was written in marker pen, but I could just about make out **ANTHONY**.

Throwing the shoe aside, my whole body felt like it was on fire. My hands were shaking. I didn’t care about getting caught anymore. With my fingernails like talons, I ripped open each one. And sure enough, when I was delving to the bottom, there was more stuff. iPhones with cracked screens. A smart watch. A wallet. 

It wasn’t until I was struggling to breathe, when I finally found what I was looking for. 

Another ID card. This time, though, the strap was light blue. The girl on the photo was a grinning brunette. 

**MOLLY WHITEHOUSE.** 

**DENVER COMMUNITY COLLEGE.** 

**CRIMINOLGY.** 

Dozens of college kids I had never heard of. Kids who went to different college’s. 

Whose belongings were in West’s closet.

“Hey, Annie.”

This time I didn’t turn around at the voice. It wasn’t Aurora. It was one of the boys. 

“You’re curious, aren’t you?” His voice was soft and playful. Teasing. 

I didn’t reply. Molly Whitehouse’s ID was still in my hand. Slowly, I turned around and sure enough, one of the boys was looming over me. My instincts kicked in and I reached for the flashlight. I had to know. 

I had to fucking know. 

The boy didn’t react when I shakily stood up and pointed my flashlight directly at him. He didn’t react when the beam lit up his features for me to see. At first, I saw nothing different. He was handsome; dark brown hair falling in brown eyes and pale skin. But when the beam of light skipped over him, glowing brighter, his appearance seemed to change. Instead of a boy, I was seeing a thing. 

I was seeing different skin tones making him up, patchwork flesh stitching him together. On one arm there was a tattoo on smooth, pale skin; what looked like a Samoan sleeve, intricate lines painting him. On his other arm, he had dark skin. Chocolate coloured skin. His face on second glance looked like it had been put together by a kindergartener; mismatched eyes glowing dark brown and mesmerising blue.   He didn’t react when I started screaming, and the torch slipped from my grasp. My legs gave-way. I hit the ground knees first, and he was reaching out to grab my arm and pulled me to my feet.

“Here.” His smile was bright. “Let me help you.”

When he touched me, I felt him. I felt all of him, his slimy skin that was ice cold to the touch. 

I felt the stitches, and my stomach ricocheted. 

“It’s okay.” The boy led me, stumbling, into the lounge once more, and I was screaming. I didn’t know that I was screaming until he pressed a hand over my mouth, his icy breath in my ear. “Father is home soon,” he murmured. “He’s bringing Ophelia back, and then he’s going to stop all the voices in my head. He promised, Annie.”

The monster wrapped his arms around me, almost in a hug. “Father promised he’s going to make sure the voices go away.” His grip tightened. “Bad, bad Anthony. Caleb and Connor, who won’t leave me alone.”

When I tried to cry, he pressed down harder.

“Shhh.” He murmured, swaying me side to side. I flailed in the dark, but he clung on. “I’m not going to hurt you, Annie. I promise. I just want the voices to stop. Dad said he’ll make them stop. He’ll make them stop. That’s what he said, Annie. He said he’ll make them stop. The voices will stop. He promised, Annie. He promised.” He exhaled sharply, “It was a mistake, Annie. Dad didn’t mean to do what he did to us. That’s why he brought us back.”

“Eli?”

Aurora’s voice was soft with sleep. “Eli, it happened again.”

Eli’s grip loosened slightly, his tone softening. “What happened., Rory?”

“Molly. And Becca. And Sammy. They won’t stop. They won’t stop whispering.”

Eli started to answer, before the door went, and I regained the ability to scream. But it was muffled through Eli’s hand. A flashlight beam hit the two of us, and then Aurora, who was cowering in the dark. West had come back. But there was something over his shoulder. When I squinted, I realised whatever it was, was *moving*. 

“Everything is going to be okay now.” West was talking to Eli and Aurora. “I have the parts for Ophelia. Don’t you kids worry, okay? I’m going to bring her back.”Lake Fazon is a small, densely vegetated body of water in the Pacific Northwest. Growing up, my dad and I would take our small fishing boat onto the lush little pool practically on the daily during the summer months. Fun fact: Lake Fazon is one of seven lakes in Washington State that houses the elusive tiger muskie. The tiger muskie is a beautiful silvery bluish-orange, fit with the appropriate tiger-stripe markings along its side. The hybrid between the river muskie and northern pike is probably best known for its razor blade teeth, and its ferocious tendencies; oftentimes witnessed snagging ducklings from the water’s surface. This apex predator is often referred to as the “Fish of Ten Thousand Casts”. Little did I know, it wasn’t the only elusive creature that resided within the shallow depths of Lake Fazon. 

One warm August day in 1996, my father and I were pulling our small flat-bottom boat out of the lake. Seven year-old me stood at the end of the small dock, making sure our boat didn’t drift out into the middle of the lake, as my dad headed over for the truck. Before my dad began to back the small boat trailer into the water, something caught my eye. About twenty feet away from the end of the dock, the water boiled, just slightly. Initially thinking it was a tiger muskie, I squinted my young eyes, trying to catch a glimpse of the ultimate catch. However, when several large humps breached the water's surface, I practically peed my pants.

Jumping up and down with excitement, I futilely yelled at my dad who was now inside the cab of the green pickup truck, “Dad! Dad! There’s a monster in the water! Look!” 

He obviously couldn’t hear me, but he must’ve seen me jumping on the dock because he rolled down the driver’s side window and stuck his head out, “What’s going on, bud?” He shouted back.

“There’s a monster in the lake!” Now ecstatic that he was going to hear what I had to proclaim.

Skeptically yet lovingly, my father replied, “Oh yeah? How big is it?” A smile stretched across on his face.

In an attempt to display what I believed to be a colossal creature, I spread my arms out as long as possible, which as a seven year-old wasn’t that large. But nonetheless, my father fed into what he believed was my active imagination.

“Wow! That’s a big one!” He shouted back, I nodded my head vivaciously, shaking with excitement.

That was the first time I saw her. Little did I know twenty-four years later I’d find out that it was in fact a ‘her’ and I would have all of my youthful questions answered about what I’d witnessed.

This last summer I visited Lake Fazon for the first time in seventeen years. It had barely changed. Unfortunately, I was not accompanied by my father, nor our modest vessel. Rather, I’d come to mourn him. He’d passed away a year prior. The final time I spoke to my father we had gotten into a very heated argument which led to me storming out of the house, not to return. A week later I got a call from my mother just before I pierced a vein on my ankle with a thin silver needle. 

“Mom? What’s up I’m in the middle of something.” I said, unaware of why she’d been calling her burnout, addict of a son. 

Her voice shook in a manner that I hadn’t heard in years, “*It’s your father… He… He’s passed away…”* She trailed off as I heard her weeping behind the phone.

I dropped the syringe full of opioids to the floor of my mess of an apartment, “W-what? How?” My voice shook as well, trying to hold back the tears; I was flooded with the memories of my father and I’s last interaction, guilt and regret flooded over me.

Through tears she spoke, “*It was a heart attack… In his sleep…”* She trailed off again as I heard her blowing her nose over the phone.

“Oh fuck. No. No this can’t be happening. Mom. Please tell me this isn’t happening! I never got the chance to apologize for being such a piece of shit! Mom! Please!” I had previously attempted to hold back tears, but to no avail they began flooding out of my eyes, as snot began seeping out of my nostrils, spilling into my mouth.

“*He loved you Peter, you know that… Unconditionally. I’m sorry… Can I call back later? I… I need some time to breathe, I just thought you should be the first to know.*” She had managed to stabilize her voice for this final message, the kind, sweet tone I’d known so well poured through the speaker of my cell phone, seemingly pounding off the walls of my drug-den bedroom. 

I attempted to collect myself as well, “Of course. Please call me back. I love you so much m-mom.” I barely got the final words out of my mouth before once again, tears started pouring out of my eyes, and barreling down my flushed cheeks. 

When the call ended, I set my phone on my bedside table before untying the tourniquet I had wrapped around my calf. I threw the piece of rubber tubing across the room and stomped on the syringe, expelling yellowish ooze onto my already stained carpet. I haven’t touched a drop since. A part of me cried out in pain as I stepped on the glass syringe. Another part of me cried out in victory. 

After dropping out of college during a failed attempt to become a director, I found myself between a rock and a hard place. Deal with the fact that my entire life had crumbled to ruins or start pumping my veins full of heroin to deal with the pain. Eventually I dragged myself back to my childhood home, my parents still welcomed me with loving arms despite the fact that I stood on their doorstep covered in needle marks. After a few weeks of being home, going through horrible fits of withdrawals only to somehow find just enough of the fluid to get a small high, my parents sent me to rehab. Of course I objected, proclaiming that “I could do it on my own” and “I could stop if I wanted to”, the usual suspects. I went away to an actually really nice facility for a month before returning home. When I walked up to my parent’s front-door, holding my bags, my dad came out and gave me the largest hug I had ever received, tears of pride and joy swelling in his eyes. I’d finally done something right.

Unfortunately, as with many other addicts, this lasted only briefly. When I was cleaning out my room one day I stumbled across a small clear baggie that had been lodged between my mattress and my bed frame. Like clock-work I locked the door, wrapped a tourniquet around my upper arm, and pumped the opiates into my veins. Having not taken a hit in so long, I forgot how much was too much. I overdosed. 

When I woke up I was in the hospital. I’d been legally dead for two minutes before my father managed to kick my door down. Needless to say, the look on his face when I awoke was a look of disappointment, and fury. The exact opposite of when I’d returned home from rehab. Whilst my mother sat with her head in her hands sobbing, my father scolded me in the hospital room for all to hear. Finally I was able to return home. I told my dad to go fuck himself and packed my bags. A week later I received the phone call from my mother.

Flash-forward to this last summer. Just over a year of being clean I’d managed to pull my life together. I had found a job working as a bartender, I met a wonderful girl who I loved very much, I even considered popping the big question, and my mother and I had reestablished our relationship through bonding over our memories of my loving father. For a week prior I had been flooded with the memories of catching small bass out of Lake Fazon with my father, only for him to applaud me as if I’d caught the fish from *The Old Man and the Sea*. I felt drawn to go back. And so I did. Just like that day, twenty-four years ago, I wandered out on a warm August afternoon to visit the small body of water. To mourn the memories of my dear dad. 

I exited the car I’d managed to buy with the money from my new job. It wasn’t much, but it meant something to me, it signified a turning point. I stepped onto the hot asphalt of the parking lot and began walking towards the dock as if it were muscle memory. The wooden platform was now rickety and old, but still very usable. I picked up a small flat stone, walked out to the end of the dock, and skipped it. The rock soared across the lake like a rabbit mixed with Christ himself, until eventually sinking into the shallow blue water. I sat down, hands on my knees and began to weep as the memories began to pour in. Then, all of the sudden…

*Splish*

Like a water pistol being shot at my face, a small jet of water had been spewed directly at me, hitting me just above my left eyebrow. Startled, I jumped back. When I looked to see what had shot the water at me, my mind began to race as it struggled to come up with an explanation as to what I was looking at. 

“Hello Peter, long time no see.” The soft voice came from a woman’s head that was just barely breaching the surface of the weedy lake; despite my initial reaction, upon hearing her speak my fears subsided and I felt a wave of relaxation, and comfort wash over me. 

Now, more puzzled and confused than terrified, I rubbed the tears from my eyes and asked, “Who… *what* are you?” Furrowing my brow, dying with questions begging to be answered. 

She smiled a shimmering pearly white smile, “I don’t have a name dear, but I’ve known you for a *very* long time.” As she said this, a memory surfaced at the forefront of my brain, the memory of the day I’d seen the lake monster.

Astonished, I responded, “Wait… That was… that was you? All those years back?” My heart pounded as I had put two and two together.

She let out a soft giggle, rising out of the surface even more-so exposing her entire head, “Yes it was. I was always around you and your father when you’d come out to my lake, you were my favorite humans. I’ve missed you so much.” Her emerald green eyes shone as if tears had begun to gloss over her eyes.

Now, being able to see her entire appearance, I was… in disbelief. I’d never seen someone so beautiful, woman *or* man. Her beauty was beyond conventional means of attractiveness or sexuality, it transcended to levels that were almost cosmic. As I looked into her bright emerald eyes, I felt as if I were staring into a distant green nebula. She was as I pictured Eve, from the Bible. She was perfect. God would’ve been content with just one. There would be no chance that a more beautiful person could have ever existed. Her Vantablack hair, drifting gently in the water, absorbing all photons that collided with it. I was enchanted.

Despite her more than perfect face, her body was something else entirely. When I was seven and had seen the humps in the water, I did not expect it to be a beautiful woman, I expected it to be some cross between a reptilian or amphibious serpent. And that was exactly what her body was. Somewhere between a mix of the body of a giant salamander and a water serpent, her iridescent greenish-blue scales glistened in the late-afternoon sunlight. Her short legs, fit with webbed-feet, treading the water beneath her. 

Her eyes grew soft and comforting as she began to speak once more, “Your father… He’s… He’s gone isn’t he?” Her voice sounded sad, as if he had been a longtime friend, and she was just now discovering his passing. 

I hesitated before responding, trying to hold back the tears that were pouring earlier, “Uh, yeah. He passed away a year ago. I… I came out here to remember all the time we’d spent on the lake.” As I said this, I felt a stray tear escape my right eye, dribbling down my cheek, I managed to catch it before it rolled off my face. 

Her face suddenly grew sorrowful and conveyed an emotion similar to that of empathy, “I’m sorry, Peter. I truly am. He loved you very much.” Her voice was as silky-smooth as her ivory skin.

I grew a sardonic grin, “I… I don’t know about that. I screwed up pretty big time towards the end.” Another tear escaped my left eye, this time I did not attempt to catch it; instead I watched as it dripped off my face and left a wet mark on the light-brown wood I had been sitting on.

She shook her head and smiled, “That doesn’t matter. You need to trust me on this, Peter. Look into my eyes. They see *emotions*.” As she said this I gazed into the green nebulae she had for eyes.

As I gazed, I was suddenly transported back seventeen, sixteen… *twenty-four years*. In the mere fifteen seconds I had stared longingly into her eyes, I’d re-lived my entire childhood from her perspective. I saw my father and I, frustrated as we got snagged on the extensive weed beds, the gleeful moment when I’d reeled in the largest bluegill I think I’d ever seen, my father giving me advice for when I was older… For when I was where I am now.

*“Stay true to yourself son, as long as you do that you can never go wrong. Remember, I will always be here for you. I am your father and you are my son. One day you’ll look back fondly on the times we spent out here on the boat and perhaps you’ll wish you could go back, but always remember wherever you are in life, you’re exactly where you’re supposed to be.”*

Snapped back into reality, rivers were now gushing out of my tear-ducts as I had just heard the voice of my late father, whispering some of his fatherly advice in my ear. The kind of thing he’d always do. The kind of thing that I’d never hear again.

The woman… thing… cocked her head slightly to the right, “Do you see what I mean, dear? He loved you and whatever happened between you two, ultimately had no effect on how he felt of you. After all, you were his son and he was your father. That bond is eternal.” Her once again silky-smooth voice flowed through my ears like a warm knife through butter.

I gazed up to the now setting sun as I wiped away the tears, “Yeah… I know. I just wish I got the chance to apologize to him. I was… I was such a shitty son. I was such a fuck-up.” My voice trailed off and I again tried to dodge eye contact.

Her face suddenly grew strict as she scolded me, “Don’t you ever say that. You heard him. It doesn’t matter, everything happens for a reason. You can’t blame yourself for his passing, or for the feelings you were feeling. Sometimes bad things just happen, it’s hard to accept but that’s just how life goes.” Her scolding had once again become comforting, like a mother consoling her son after his first heartbreak.

Taking a deep breath I accepted what she had to say, “Yeah… I guess you’re right. Wow never expected to be getting life advice from a half serpent, half woman.” I teased, letting out a soft chuckle.

She responded with her own chuckle, “Life is funny that way, huh?” She smiled up at me and as she did so, it was as if I had received closure, her smile said the words I desperately wanted to hear one last time; “I love you son.”

Before I could say anything in return, she looked to the sky and back down to me with panic in her emerald eyes, “Peter, listen to me. It’s been great to see you again, but you need to leave. Now.” Her tone was now deadly serious.

Bewildered by the sudden change I took a moment before responding, “Wait what? Why? What’s going on?” I was confused.

The panic grew ever more-so in her eyes, “Peter! Trust me! Leave n-“ but before she could say another word, something terrible began to happen.

As the sun set behind the horizon, so did all things good-hearted. And that included her. Her once beautiful face began to write and contort in a way that almost made me nauseated. Her bright iridescent scales began to peel off into the water, revealing a slimy, brown flesh beneath. Her limbs spasming as she let out a shrill screech. I covered my ears, protecting myself from the deafening noise. Suddenly before my eyes, the previously perfect human, turned into the worst thing I’d ever seen in my entire life. Her face was no longer her own. It was mine.

Now with yellowish-orange reptilian eyes, and sunken in eye sockets, needle marks dotting every inch of *my* face, the creature spoke in a distorted, maniacal voice, “You didn’t actually believe a word that stupid bitch said, did you?” The other me scoffed, as it pulled its grotesque body onto the dock with its bony webbed-feet; I staggered backwards, no longer calm and collected, but rather quaking in pure dread as I had come face to face with my worst nightmare.

Myself.

I stumbled backwards landing flat on my backside, as I scrambled, the abomination continued to half slither, half crawl in my direction. With every move it made, came a loud *slurp* as it pulled its slimy form over the wooden surface of the dock. My own distorted face smiling, its teeth looked like someone had taken a brick to them, their jagged geometry practically hurt to look at.

Managed to pull myself onto two feet, I slowly started walking backwards, “What the fuck! What happened?” I was deeply saddened by the loss of my new friend while simultaneously terrified by the creature that now stared back at me. 

Sliding its black tongue over its broken smile it said, “You wanted to see the lake monster right? Well guess what… *you are him*.” Its eyes widened as it began to laugh like a hyena, starting to pick up speed.

Bewildered by the turn of events, I refused to believe that this was in fact the case, “No! That’s not possible! You’re wrong! I’ve changed!” I fought back against the notion that I was looking into the eyes of my true self. 

Its slithering, crawling motion became faster and faster as it practically began running at me on all four of its stubby limbs, “Accept it, Peter! You are a fuck up! You know it, your girlfriend knows it, your mom knows it… *your dad knew it*.” As the final words left the conniving creatures bloodied lips, my terror was replaced with rage, and I stopped my retreat. 

I took one final stand before proclaiming what I *knew* to be true, “You. Are. Wrong.” I glared at the hideous monstrosity as it grew ever nearer.

Moments before its horrid teeth could sink themselves into my flesh, I raised my right leg, and with all the force I could muster I brought my foot down upon my own head. Over and over again. With each stomp that I inflicted on the creature came a small, distorted yelp of pain, followed by a squirting of yellowish-brown blood from its ears and eyes. I didn’t stop until my foot was in a pool of yellowish-brown mush and chunks of jagged bone.

Panting heavily, I pulled my right foot from the disgusting mess which had engulfed my sneaker.

“*You are exactly where you’re supposed to be…*” 

The delicate whisper left a hole in the creature’s neck as it detached its body from the mound of mush, like a lizard detaching its tail in self-defense, and dragged itself into the murky water with a *splash*. 

I took a few deep breaths before turning and heading for my car, the sky now as dark as the water of the lake. Upon opening my car door, I sat in the driver's seat and put my head in my palms as I began to sob. By the time I put the keys in the ignition and drove home, the navy-blue sky had turned to a pitch-black. 

This all happened last August and with spring on the horizon, the Fish and Wildlife Department has unlocked the metal gate blocking the road to Lake Fazon. I’m thinking of taking my old spinning rod down to the dock in attempts to finally catch the tiger muskie that had been swimming around my dreams since I was a child. Or, to catch something even more magnificent.

[Part 1](https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/lc5idr/something_is_wrong_with_the_birds_and_whatever_it/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf) 

Over a month has passed since the incident that changed my life forever. A month since the flood of birds flew above, chirping to the point that brought almost the entire town to insanity. I barely have been outside since, I can’t even bear to look out the window anymore, even knowing what's out there. After I wrote my last post, I did the only thing I could think to do. I went down into the basement, the only place I could hope to keep some semblance of sanity while the birds chirped endlessly. Although it was muffled, I could still hear the birds flying above my town. I would occasionally go upstairs to grab some of the little food I had left, but there was no way I would go outside again. That was the plan, anyways. However, as I said in my last post, I hadn’t gone grocery shopping yet. It didn’t take long for me to run out of food, I think it was about a week? The power went out shortly after I made the post, and the birds blocking the sky prevented me from counting any days. As I was eating my last can of sliced carrots, the only thing I had left to eat, the first good thing to happen to me in a while happened. The birds finally stopped chirping. 

It took me some time to realize it, but when I did I was overjoyed. I threw the now empty tin can down on my basement floor, and ran up the stairs. I opened the curtains blocking my window, and I immediately wished that I hadn’t. All of my neighbors, men, women, and children alike, lay in their yards and in the streets, dead. Oddly, there was no blood, no wounds on any of the bodies that I could see, apart for the self inflicted ones. The strangest part though was that there was no trace of the birds. Not a single feather or single drop of excrement could be seen. It would have seemed like the whole thing was a dream, if not for the bodies. After standing in shock for what seemed like forever, I snapped out of it and began thinking. I had to do something. I had to get out of there, I had to get food.

I had to get out of the area. As far as I know, this is an isolated incident, and the birds could come back at any time. I packed a bag, got in my car, and began to drive. Unfortunately for me, my car barely made it two blocks before it ran out of gas. I didn’t understand how it ran out at first, then I looked behind my car and saw the trail of liquid. The tank must have been cut open by something, but whatever it was I had no clue, and still don’t. Even then, that was the least of my worries. I had to start walking. I weighed my options, and eventually settled on going downtown. There would be plenty of places I could find food, buildings on every corner to take shelter from, and if the birds started up again, there would be plenty of basements to wait it out in. Downtown was about five miles away, so I was able to make the trip before sunset.

Downtown was worse than my neighborhood, windows were cracked in every other building and there were many more dead bodies, once again none with any visible wounds save for a few that seemed self inflicted. It looked like a couple of people even jumped out of the buildings just to get away from the chirping birds. I went into a corner store to stock up on some food before finding shelter. The place seemed to be untouched, so I inferred that I was the only survivor. The fridge and freezer section was spoiled, but all the canned and packaged dry goods were completely fine, save one or two dented cans. I grabbed as much as I could, and then a single noise made my heart sink. A single chirp rang out. I ran out of the store, I dropped a couple cans of food but I didn't care. I had to find shelter. The chirping was getting more frequent, just like it was the previous week. I dove into an apartment building nearby, and ran down to the maintenance room in the basement. I breathed a sigh of relief as I slammed the door behind me, still hearing the chirping getting louder. I built myself into a routine of waking up, putting my ear against the door, and checking to see if the birdstorm was still happening. The routine went on for about a week, then the chirping ceased once again. I exited the building, and once again there was no trace of the birds. My life has been a repetition of this since, until yesterday when my luck finally came around. 

The building I'm now taking shelter in has a generator that I was able to get working. I even was able to get the internet to work. I hooked up my laptop that I had been carrying in hopes for this day, and began doing some research to see what's happening with everyone else. Long story short, this does seem to only be happening in my city, but strangely enough there’s no mention of my town anywhere online. Somehow, my town no longer has any online data. Something sinister must be happening here, that’s the only explanation. Once the current birdstorm ceases, I plan to find out what. For now though, I’m staying here. One good thing to come out of this, now that I’m not paying for groceries I have enough money in my bank account to keep paying for streaming services for a good while. At least a year, anyway. That gives me something to do while waiting for the storms to pass.

Before I end this post, I need to address something that I am sure you all are wondering. Why haven’t I left town? Well, the short answer is that I can’t. One of the first things I did after the second birdstorm was get to the top of a building and do a recon of the city. I don’t know how, or why, but there is now a giant wall around the entire place. I would get closer to it to try and find a gate or door, but there seems to be armed soldiers everywhere. I’ve seen enough apocalypse movies to know what’s going to happen if they see me. No way in hell am I going to get anywhere near that wall. I'll find another way out of here, I have to. Whatever the bird’s are flying towards, it has to be in this city somewhere. Hopefully if I figure out what’s going on, I can get out of here. At least now I have a way to document everything, and hopefully somebody out there will be able to help me. Even the smallest bit of advice helps.My girlfriend and I wanted to test how much distance our relationship can take. We both thought that our relationship was so strong that being away from each other long distance wouldn't affect us unlike other couples. So my girlfriend moved to another house on another street and it didn't affect our relationship in any way and everything was still normal. We still went out on dates and made time for each other and it was great to have some space for the both of us. 

Then my girlfriend moved again and went on to live in another town to test distance against our relationship, and to be honest we were both still going strong. We spoke to each other and went out to places together and everything was just fine. I enjoyed seeing her and she enjoyed seeing me and it seemed like the distance made our relationship much more stronger than ever before. It sort of made us both notice each other a bit more, because living together can make one become invisible by seeing each other everyday. There is always something to talk about when distance is involved in a relationship. 

Then my girlfriend moved to another country to test our relationship even more with distance and I have got to be honest, even though that she was in another country, it still made our relationship so much more stronger. I couldn't believe that our relationship could withstand such distance and other couples couldn't manage anything like this. It was incredible how strong our relationship was and we still talked on a weekly basis to catch up with whatever has been going on between us. It's great to have this space between us and still be in a relationship. 

Then one day I heard my girlfriend calling my voice in the air and things were moving around in my house. It was quite scary and then I saw a pen starting to float in the air and started writing something on the wall. It read 'I am your girlfriend and I wanted to test our relationship with even more distance between us by killing myself. Now we are so far away that I am in the after life and you are in the living world but our relationship is still going strong'  

I couldn't believe that my relationship with my girlfriend has so much more distance now, and with my girlfriend in the afterlife and me being in the world of the living, we are still both going strong no matter the huge distance between us. I can't believe just how strong our relationship is and just as when I had thought that my girlfriend couldn't create anymore distance between the both of us in our relationship, she now contacted me from another universe! 

She has managed to create more distance in our relationship to keep on testing our relationship, but we are both still going strong. I'm so lucky to be in such a relationship. Our relationship is really strong.It's been a while since i've taken to country roads at night, there's something about it which i don't like, the long dark roads and the corners, even when you're in the leather seat of a vintage grand tourer treating those corners as if they were nothing, the headlights can only let you see so much, and the fear of getting into an accident is big, but it's irrational, you are more likely to have a car crash at night, and there's something scary about crashing at night, or even breaking down, and maybe just maybe there's a fear hardcoded into us, a fear of highwaymen, and not to mention, the primal fear of the unknown, living, paranormal or dead.

&#x200B;

As you probably already know, leprechauns are the green-suited creatures from irish folklore, they go with the whole thing about pots of gold and rainbows, none of this was on my mind as i left dublin, heading west, but i knew that as the sun was setting, that i would end up driving in the dark, i told myself 'well it's safer then the city at night' as the sun finally touched the horizon, but deep down, i had the fear of everything.

&#x200B;

But there was nothing that could stop me, as my Mark II Jaguar purred itself down the road, i had been driving for just over two hours, and it wasn't long til i reached a flow state, and then, highway meditation, the drive never to be remembered again, or so i thought.

&#x200B;

I had been driving for at least a few hours, watching the road ahead the headlights and making adjustments as needed, hypnotized by the rumbling engine, and nothing but darkness to the sides and behind, and occasionally i saw shapes moving in the darkness in the distance, formations of lights flying around, it was all in my head, i knew it.

&#x200B;

I don't remember much of the drive after that, but i remember the feeling of my heart dropping, like the bending moment of the floor in an old house when you drop something, for ahead was a short human-like figure, i slammed the brakes, and yanked the steering wheel in attempt to swerve around the humanoid, the rear tires lost grip, sending the car into a 180.

&#x200B;

I found myself next to a gate, beyond it was a field that i couldn't see much of, i looked up the road and saw the figure approaching, and then, to the right in the field, many eyes, i felt like i was being watched times a million, and i noticed the engine had died, no matter how hard i tried to get it started, it didn't start, i went to turn the key again but i felt a bump on the car so i looked up, away from the aluminum control panel in the middle of the dashboard, to see hundreds of green creatures around the car, it took me a few seconds to register what i was seeing.

&#x200B;

Leprechauns! i fumbled with the keyswitch as they tried the doors, tried to smash the windows, banging on and rocking the car, it's almost as if they wanted something, one managed to crack the windscreen, another broke the chrome cat 'leaper' off the bonnet, i thought they wanted it, but i was cut off mid thought as it was sent into the drivers side window, taking it out, i ripped the seatbelt off as i saw the green sleeve fumbling around for the lock, i tried to jump in the back but it was too late, one had pulled the door open and were pulling me by the legs out of the car, i tried to grab the steering wheel but it flew past in an instant.

&#x200B;

The field must have been on a grade, as i was 20-25 feet away from the car when i got myself together, the sporran had gone from my kilt, nowhere to be found, and then i heard a familiar noise that was getting closer, i quickly realized it was my jag, they knew how to drive?! i was blinded by the flash of the headlights as i jumped out of the way, they were coming for me, trying to abduct me with my own car, i tried to run as i saw the rear door open, i was thrown inside and heard the engine again, this time a fearsome note i hadn't heard before, that of a jaguar inline 6 being strained to within an inch of its life, as the outside started flying past, i was offered a choice.

&#x200B;

 ' carr, airgead nó téigh go dtí ár n-áit? '

&#x200B;

I have to admit, irish is a language i've never really understood, it's so complex, and written words are never pronounced how they seem, but in my little knowledge of the language i knew they wanted something, yet i couldn't reply.

&#x200B;

' cur leis an bpota saibhris! '

&#x200B;

I was detained by them and robbed, all my coins, including my pocket piece, an old silver half-crown and everything else i had, like the silver celtic cross my mother gave me when i was 12, it was all taken.

&#x200B;

Yet i can't remember what happened next, either they let me out, or they threw out of the car, i remember seeing the stars and realizing one thing, my car was gone, i managed to hitch a car.

&#x200B;

'Dublin bring me back to dublin' i said as i got in the car, i felt sorry for the driver for putting mud and grass on the backseat, i was about to offer to clean it for him when he noticed me, a young male, wearing a strangely irish tweed outfit, covered in grass and some mud.

&#x200B;

'What the bloody hell happened to you?'

&#x200B;

'I was robbed' i replied

&#x200B;

'They took my money, my car, phone, jewellery' 

&#x200B;

The expression on the mans face changed from surprise to sadness, he even offered me his phone, but i declined, once we got back into dublin, he dropped me off, i found my way to a gardai station and reported, gave them the number plate of the car from memory, and details of everything that had been stolen, i didn't tell them the full story though, then i made my way home and only then the whole thing hit me like a stone, it was just after 10 PM, i spent the rest of the night at the pub.

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

That was one year ago now, they found my car abandoned in a field in donegal, it had been trashed, i sold it to a jaguar enthusiast, and replaced it with a newer model, but i never found the kilt sporran.

&#x200B;

Please don't drive in the irish countryside at night, and if you find the pot of money and gold, don't take from it, it's not yours nor theirs.[Part 1](https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/fy41gj/im_an_fx_artist_for_b_movies_and_lately_the/)

[Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/lwazzq/im_an_fx_artist_for_b_movies_and_lately_the/)

[Part 3](https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/lyl6ce/im_an_fx_artist_for_b_movies_and_lately_the/)

&#x200B;

I pulled the valise back into my apartment and sat down on the floor. I felt a muted terror reverberating somewhere deep inside of my mind.

I tried to hold on to that basic feeling of fear, but it was already fading away. Sekhmet had taken more of my soul away last night in my sleep, and with it, more of my ability to experience emotions, good or bad.  

Even the terrifying nightmare I'd just woken up from already felt like a distant memory.

A flutter of wings stirred the air as Pasha landed on the ground beside me. 

"I would have told you about that, but I thought it would be better for you to see for yourself" she said, "The valise cannot be destroyed. There is no escape from this through normal, non-magical means. You just have to keep drawing the symbols on your body and hope for the best." 

"Why even bother to tell me anything about this?" I snapped, "You already have my cat's body, why stick around to watch me become a shell of who I was?" 

"Because. I have to," she snapped "First of all, if you die I go back to being a disembodied spirit. If you manage to save yourself from Sekhmet, I'll be able to take this small piece of your soul and claim it as my own." 

"Second," she said, and I thought I heard a note of hesitancy in her voice, "I feel your cat's affection for you. We're fused together. She cares about what happens to you, and because she cares, I do, too." 

"Doesn't using this paint give Sekhmet more of my soul, even if I'm using it on myself?" I asked.

"Well," she paused for a moment. "Yes." 

"Then why the fuck am I doing this Pasha?"

"Think of those symbols you're drawing on yourself like chemotherapy, where the cure can also kill you. It's a matter of a race between the cure and the disease. But, you need to fight with your will as well as with magic," she warned, "That's the only way to triumph over Sekhmet." 

"My will," I scoffed, managing to muster up a feeling of mild frustration, "I don't have any will. I can barely bring myself to care about what's happening anymore. I can't even stay angry at you for not telling me about this sooner."

"That's why this curse is so difficult to fight. You have to want to. 

My cell rang. It was Ashley. "Hey," she said stiffly. I wondered vaguely if she was still mad at me for almost letting a killer mermaid eat her last night. 

"It looks like the sedative they gave Meghan is wearing off and she's waking up. She's still just blinking and looking around, but maybe you should come by. She's going to want to know what happened. I don't know what to tell her," she said nervously. 

"I'll be right there," I said. I hung up. 

"I have to go see Meghan," I told Pasha, "would you like to come?"

"Will there be more fish?" Pasha asked, brightening up. 

"I'll get you some fish," I sighed, holding out my backpack for her to crawl into. This time she insisted on my keeping it open at the top. "In case you try anything like last night," she warned. "I'll-" 

"Yeah I know. You'll eat my soul." I carefully zipped it halfway closed and headed out to my car.

Ashley, some actors and a couple of PAs were sitting in the hospital waiting room when I arrived. 

The producers had been MIA since Meghan had eaten the director's hand, probably doing whatever they had to do to cover their asses with investors or whatever. 

Ashley walked over to me. "They didn't want to let us all stand around crowding the room. Her parents wanted me to let them know when you got here. They want to thank you for finding her, and saving her from drowning last night," she said, giving me a meaningful look. 

It was the story we'd told the cops and anyone else who'd asked. That we'd been innocently hanging out by the lake and had caught sight of Meghan drowning in the water, caught in some rope by the docks. Some rope around her neck. Nothing weird about that.

Grasping a fistful of shoulder strap from my backpack in each hand, I followed Ashley through a maze of hospital wards, until we finally got to Meghan's room. A middle-aged couple was sitting on either side of her bed. 

Meghan was blinking slowly and looking at the ceiling. When we walked in they both stood up and Meghan's father went to shake our hands.

"Thank you," he said looking at us both intensely. "For saving Meghan." The woman came over and hugged me. "I already hugged Ashley so here's one for you," she said.  

Ashley coughed and gave me a look. I looked down and realized I was jut standing there like a log.

I lifted my arms up and patted her awkwardly on the back. 

"You're welcome."

She drew back and looked at me strangely. "Well, we're going to go get something to eat, we thought maybe you'd like to sit with Meghan while were gone, and talk to her awhile. She's responsive, smiled at me earlier," she said a sob catching in her throat. 

"Yeah, okay. We'll keep her company," I said. I tried to keep my voice from being too monotone.

As they walked out I caught Meghan's father saying in a low voice to her, "...autism...?"  Meghan's mother shushed him and they disappeared down the hall.

Ashley sat down in one of the chairs by Meghans bed. "Hi, Meghan," she called out softly, "It's Ashley, remember me, your roommate? Me and Sia came to visit you." I walked over to the bed.  

Meghan turned her head slightly towards us. "Sia you should talk to her," Ashley coached.

"Hey," I said. 

At the sound of my voice Meghan's face suddenly froze. Her eyes opened wide and snapped over to me, fixating on me with a glare full of malice and hunger that made the back of my neck tingle.

 I took a step back. 

"Meghan," Ashley quavered, "are you okay?" From my bag I heard Pasha let out a wailing yowl. 

A low, ethereal growl emanated from Meghan's throat. Without warning, she lunged at Ashley, teeth bared. Ashley scrambled out of the chair and stood by me clutching my arm in terror. Meghan sat up slowly and turned her torso towards us.

We stood spellbound as Meghan, without once taking her eyes off me, slowly ripped the intubator out of her mouth with one hand. The growling grew louder. She blinked and her pupils transformed into two vertical slits set in two large irises of molten orange.

With the same hand she ripped the IV needles out of her left arm. A thin line of blood trickled down her arm as she slowly placed one foot, then the next, on the cold, linoleum floor.  

I felt Ashley yanking at my arm, "Come ON" she shrieked. We ran out into the hall. Swinging my bag back on my back, I looked around for help. The hospital was mysteriously empty. 

An eerie silence permeated the ward, contrasting with the sound of our feet pounding down the halls. There were no nurses briskly passing us by with medical equipment in tow. No doctors hurrying by scanning patient charts. 

I felt Pasha bouncing around in my backpack as we ran through the halls. I looked into the rooms we passed. No patients. Every bed was empty. 

We heard the slapping of bare feet and a low growl coming from behind us, then it seemed to echo all around us as we sped through the hospital.

The hallways seemed to grow longer and split off into infinite directions. "Ashley, how do we get back to the waiting area?" I gasped as we ran." 

"Something's wrong. It all looks different. Lets find some stairs and just head down," she panted back. We turned another corner and stopped short.

 Meghan was standing at the other end of the hall. Her hair floated around her glowing orange eyes like a mane, and her fingers looked impossibly long and sharp. The lights began to flicker on and off, making Meghan's movements look eerily disjointed. She snarled and took a step towards us.

We turned and ran in the opposite direction, and finally spotted the door to a stairwell midway through the corridor. 

Running straight for it, I slammed into the door, jamming down on the lock handle. Ashley was close behind. The lights in the stairwell flicked off and we found ourselves hurtling forward through pitch darkness. 

I felt Ashley tumble into me from behind and lost my balance on the landing. I felt the floor give out from under me as we both fell down the stairs. 

Hitting the next landing shoulder first, I drew a sharp breath as a stabbing pain shot down my side. Pasha squeaked in surprise from inside the book bag. I heard a crunch and a moan next to me. 

"I think I broke my leg," Ashley whimpered. 

I crawled over to her and pulled my cell out, no service. Of course. I turned the flashlight setting on and looked at her. 

Ashley was holding on to her leg just below the knee, her face pale and drawn. I bent the light down to look at her ankle. It was bent at an unnatural angle away from her leg. 

We weren't going to be able to get much further like this. I tried to lift her up and carry her on my back, she cried out in pain. I put her back on the ground.  

I heard the door to the stairwell unlock and slowly open. I strobed my flashlight toward the landing above us before Ashley whispered "No, don't." 

The flashlight reflected back two shining cat eyes. It was Meghan, or rather, what she had become. A long line of drool dripped from one corner of her mouth as she snarled at us. 

Meghan stalked down the stairs towards us. I pulled myself up, ignoring the pain from my shoulder. 

I couldn't move Ashley without damaging her leg more and Meghan just wanted me anyway. Maybe I could save Ashley if i just gave this monster what she wanted. 

My soul.

I walked towards Meghan. 

It wasn't that I was trying to be a hero. I was just tired of running. I looked up into Meghan's gleaming eyes and heard a deep resonating hum sound. She was purring. 

"I can take away your weariness. I can take away any and all suffering," she rumbled in my mind. 

"If you come to me, now." 

I walked slowly towards her. It seemed right. I felt the burden I hadn't even noticed before, from trying to hold on to myself and my soul all this time, melt away and a calm come over me. 

"Sia, get away from her," Ashley screamed in pain and fear. 

I took a step towards Meghan. Then another. I heard Pasha let out a feline scream of fury. 

 My backpack jerked around wildly and a bright light suffused the stairwell we were standing in, momentarily blinding me.

Groping for the handrail, I held on until I could focus my eyes again, trying to listen for the sound of snarling to come closer. 

Finally able to see again, I looked back, strobing my cell wildly around until I refocused on Ashley. Someone was bending over Ashley's face in the dark. Or what was left of Ashley I realized, seeing the shriveled skin and emaciated form huddled on the ground. 

The figure stooping over her straightened up and turned around, stepping away from Ashley's mummified husk.

"Sekhmet" Pashas voice boomed. It was her voice but through the light from my phone in the gloom I could make out Pasha's head had grown larger, and sat on the neck of  a woman's body. 

She spread giant black wings and imperiously held out clawed hand. A force of dark energy pulsed from the palm of her hand and hit Meghan's body, flinging her back into the door. She hit the ground with a thud and then lay still. 

Pasha then walked up the stairs and stood over Meghan, chanting in a strange language I couldn't understand. 

While she was distracted, I crawled over to Ashleys body and looked at it closely. It was dry and shriveled, like the way an Egyptian mummy at a museum looks. Even more terrifying, somehow she was still moving. 

She blinked desiccated eyelids over withered eye sockets, dust dribbling from her mouth. She was saying something. I leaned closer to listen. 

"Kill me. Kill me." she croaked. This would happen to me, too, I realized, when Sekhmet was done eating my soul.

I looked back at Pasha standing over Meghan, still chanting. A black orb seemed to surround them both before finally fading away. She turned and walked towards us.

I backed into the handrails behind me defensively. "What did you do to Ashley," I accused. I felt a faint flicker of fear. 

"Nothing I won't undo," she chided. "You really should trust me. I have no reason to harm you or anyone you care about, Sia"

She stooped over Ashley and opened her jaws wide. The same dark pulse of energy flowed from her mouth and into Ashley's. Her mummified remains plumped out and with moisture and life again. Pasha straightened up as Ashley, restored to her normal self, blinked and looked around in confusion. 

She held out a claw and Ashley screamed as her ankle snapped back into place with a crunch. "I had enough left over to fix your leg. " Pasha murmured as she shrank back down to cat size. She blinked at us from the floor.  

Pasha yawned. "This was tiring for me." She crawled back into the backpack, "Don't let your bag get jostled around so much," she scolded, "I'm in here, remember?" She fell silent and I heard a low snore emanate from my bag. I cautiously picked it up and swung it back on my shoulders. I went over to Ashley, who was sitting with her head cocked to the side, listening. "Do you hear that?" she asked.

We both sat in silence, listening to the sounds of people bustling back an forth in the hallways, and voices murmuring urgently to each other as the hospital came back to life.

I turned to glance up the flight of stairs we'd fallen down earlier. Meghan was a tangled mess of hospital gown and legs on the landing above us. I went to get help while Ashley watched her. 

No one was suspicious about our story of how Meghan had run out of her room and we'd chased her to the stairwell, where she'd conveniently fainted. Because of her recent track record we could explain this as a second mysterious, psychotic break. This time she'd be placed in restraints and that would be the end of it for now. At least until she regained consciousness again.

As we left the hospital, Ashley insisted on riding to my place with me. I didn't protest, at this point I think I needed someone to keep me company. I got her some old clothes for her to sleep in and brought them to her. 

Pasha was still snoring in my bag, so I left her on my bed and came out to the living room to sit with Ashley for awhile before we went to bed. Ashley was on her phone reading something intently. She jerked her head up and looked at me. 

"There's something I think you need to see" she said, handing her phone over to me. She had a browser page open on a Wikipedia page. About ancient Egyptian gods. The paragraph she was pointing to said "Sekhmet is said to be one of the alternate aspects of Bastet in the Ancient Egyptian mythology."

I felt my brow furrow, but didn't know what to say "I don't get it." 

"This is what I've been trying to tell you," Ashley said, "You don't know that you can trust Pasha. You don't even know who she really is. And it looks like this Bastet god and this Sekhmet god are not different gods at all, they're one person."

"She isn't just working with that lion woman, Sia, Pasha IS that lion woman. They are the SAME person."

Pasha. And Sekhmet. They were the same monster that had possessed Meghan's body, and would soon finish eating my soul. 

Grabbing the valise, I plunked it on the coffee table in front of us and opened it, revealing pots of kohl, ground lapis and brushes. "I have an idea," I said.  

Okay, so here’s how my encounter with the ladder man went down. 

Again, I can’t stress enough how important it is that if you see this guy, you need to call the cops immediately. But more importantly, just try and get the hell away from him. 

I was on a first date with a girl who I had met online and she lived with her parents still. So she told me not to come to the door. I had a feeling she liked me and after kissing her goodnight I said I would call her the next day. She smiled and got out of the car, looking back over her shoulder at me and waving before going inside. 

The look back was always a good sign. I did a mini fist-pump in the air and tried not to get too excited, but I was young and it was hard not to be. 

My car window was rolled down and I could hear noises coming from the back yard of Marissa’s house. It was 1AM so that seemed a bit odd. 

For some reason, don’t ask me why, I decided to go back there and look. I had a sinking feeling in my stomach that I had never had before and have never experienced again since. It was like a rock sitting in my gut. 

I walked across the grass on legs that felt stilted and wrong, my heart hammering in my chest as the noises could be heard getting louder as I got closer. It was a person making those sounds, I could tell that much for sure. But Marissa said her parents always went to bed early, that they worked at 6AM so we had to be quiet or we’d wake them up. 

As I rounded the corner I saw the shape of a man carrying a wooden ladder. I hid behind a tree and watched as he put the ladder up to the back of the house and began to climb up. 

That was when Marissa turned on the light in her room. I saw that her bedroom was the same one the man was climbing up towards. 

He stood near the top of the ladder and looked inside at her, watching her undress. 

That was about all I had to see. 

“AHEM! Excuse me… What are you doing?”

The man didn’t look surprised or shocked to see me. He simply climbed down the ladder and strode over towards me. I backed away, unsure of what to do. Marissa was still inside her house, unaware of what was going on, and I was alone. 

“Why hello, young man. So good to see you out here this evening,” the man was smiling impishly, his gold fillings and large incisors shining visibly in the moonlight. 

He was wearing a plaid shirt and ripped pants and I saw he was wringing his hands nervously as he talked. 

“Have you seen my dog? I’ve been looking everywhere for my sweet, beautiful little dog and I can’t find her anywhere. She’s a brown dog, very cute. What do you say, have you seen her?”

The man was much larger than me and I was young and unarmed, so I backed away from him, afraid and anxious not to get into a confrontation now that we were face to face. I regretted not just calling the police when I saw him spying on Marissa undressing. 

“No, I haven’t seen your dog. She’s not in there either. That’s my girlfriend’s house and they don’t have any dog.”

I hoped that he would get the hint, but instead he seemed to bask in my discomfort and naivety. 

“Aw, no poochy for the princess, huh? How ‘bout you, Prince Charming? You like them puppies?”

I backed away, the man’s eyes wild and manic. He pulled out a knife and began to finger the blade of it, then ran it down the length of his tongue, leaving a long trail of blood. It looked like he was high on something and I decided the best course of action was just to run away. 

That was what I did. With enough space between us, I made it back to my car and got the hell out of there. I called the cops from a pay phone and then called Marissa straight afterwards. 

There was no answer at her house.  I called again and again. 

The police came and interviewed me and I told them everything. They said Marissa was fine, just scared. The man had left his ladder behind, and it matched the description from a string of cases in the area. 

A man had been going around the neighbourhood breaking into places. His M.O. was very specific. He had been climbing up to the second floor of houses, and breaking in. 

His targets were always the same, young blonde-haired women. When questioned about his reason for being in odd locations, multiple witnesses had reported him saying he was “looking for his dog.” 

He had killed two women, they believed, but what he had done to them before their deaths was even worse.  

Marissa called me a couple days later and said she owed me for saving her life, but that she didn’t think she wanted to go out again. Whenever she thought of me, it brought to mind that night, and what had almost happened to her. 

She just wanted to forget it all and pretend it never happened. 

I told her I understood. What else was there to say? 

We went our separate ways and I thought that would be the end of it. 

Until I received a phone call last night. 

The man on the other end of the phone was wheezing. He sounded old, but somehow familiar. His voice was distant and difficult to understand, but it was obvious he was smiling as he spoke. 

“I always get my princess eventually. Now I’m coming for you Prince Charming!” 

“Who is this?” I asked, already knowing the answer. Knowing that voice, even now, twenty years later. 

“I’m looking for my dog… Have you seen him?”

**CLICK**

It was an unknown number, but I called the police and asked if they had a way to trace the call. They said they would try. 

This morning when they told me the phone call came from Marissa Smyth’s house in neighbouring White Falls, I wasn’t surprised. 

She had changed her name or gotten married or both, but the man had somehow found her anyways. Even after all this time. 

And now he was coming for [me.](https://www.reddit.com/r/JGcreepypastas/comments/hd0da5/a_list_of_my_no_sleep_stories/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share)

[TCC](https://www.reddit.com/r/TheCrypticCompendium?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share)He was only a kid, the others made fun of him for many different reasons. Typical, right? No friends, bullied constantly, when people would walk past they’d whisper and laugh. Any attempt at some sort of social interaction would be shot down by a laugh or at most a “get away from me freak!”

He was different, kids are cruel, whatever way you want to put it. “Be careful at school today honey” Tom’s mom said as he climbed out of the warm car onto the cold pavement.

Tom gave his mom an unenthusiastic nod as he closed the door. The cold breeze brushed over his knees. “Should’nt have worn shorts” he thought. With his head down, Tom made his way to class. He knew people were staring, it was normal.

Being shorter than most he couldn’t stand up for himself, and being quiet didn’t help him either. The laughing and whispering seemed to follow him everywhere he went.

“Guys shh, it’s Tom” Nile said. Nile was a tall athlete, popular with girls, in everyone else’s mind, he was a huge douchebag. 

Nile stood in front of Tom, almost towering over him. Tom stopped as he saw the shadow appear from his feet. “Hey, watch where you’re going” Nile said mockingly.

Tom attempted to go around him but was blocked once again by Nile. “Move.” Tom said. “Oh sorry Tom, I wouldn’t want to get in your way now would I?” Nile said sarcastically.

Nile moved and gestured his hand out for Tom to walk past. “What are you waiting for? Go ahead” Nile said. Tom hesitantly walked forward.

He was met with the hard ground as Nile tripped him over. A wave of laughter erupted from the students now watching. Tom laid on the ground, his day was already ruined. He didn’t even get to make it to class.

“Nile! Stop!” Jane, the popular girl shouted. She was dating Nile and was secretly hated by some for it. Tom’s eyes lit up as he turned around.

“What?! I’m just messin’ around” Nile said. “Be careful, he might shoot up the school” Jane said quietly, everyone heard though, the hallway was almost silent.

Tom’a face dropped immediately. He was disappointed yet again. He made his way to class, his knees red and his face aced. He walked into class and threw his bag under his desk.

Halfway through the class he went to the bathroom. He entered the empty bathroom and looked in the large mirror. There was some dirt on his cheek. He splashed it with water and stared at himself for a moment.

He was about to leave when his own reflections mouth moved. “Hey, wanna be friends?” The reflection said. Jumping back, Tom thought he was going crazy. “Hello? Can you hear me?”

Tom’s jaw was open, he wasn’t imagining it. He closed his mouth and shook his head slowly up and down, not moving his eyes from the reflection.

“Great! I should probably explain myself. I’m you! Well, not you.. apart of you.” His reflection said. “What the.. this isn’t real. Maybe my medication is messing with me...” Tom said out loud.

“No, no! Of course not!” The reflection said. Tom was freaked out and left the bathroom. He sat back down on his desk with a face as if he’d seen a ghost. Not that anyone was paying attention.

He thought about his reflection the rest of the day. It seemed so real. “Hello? Tom? You’re hand is up?” The science teacher said. Tom didn’t even remember lifting his arm. Now that he thought about it, science was the second last class of the day, didn’t he just sit down?

“Can I go to the bathroom?” Were the only words Tom could think of to say. The teacher allowed it and he was on his way. “Why am I walking to the bathroom?” Tom thought.

His head started to hurt. He walked into the bathroom again, still feeling nauseous. “Back again?” The reflection turned and said again to Tom.

Tom jumped and had to stop himself from screaming. “What happened, wasn’t I just in first period?” Tom said. “Why, yes. I took over.” Tom’s reflection said. “What the fuck?! Never do that again!” Tom said angrily.

“Calm down now. Sorry, I won’t do it again. Classes are really boring anyway.” The reflection replied. “Who are you?” Tom said. “I told you earlier, I’m a part of you.” The reflection replied. “Oh. That’s confusing. I’ll just call you Tim.” Tom said.

“That’s fine with me. But you better get back to class, mr woods is waiting.” Tim said. Leaving the bathroom and finishing his class, Tom started walking to his locker. 

He left the school building eager to get home and talk to himself. As he approached the school gates he was stopped by Nile and josh, another athlete who was friends with Nile. 

Behind them was a group of their friends, just watching. “Nile look, it’s Tom, I heard him talking to himself in the bathroom, what a weirdo!” Josh said. The group behind him laughed. Tom started to get angry all of a sudden, he felt as if he couldn’t control himself.

“You shouldn’t be laughing when your dad beats you” Tom said to josh. The group behind him chanted “ooooooohhhh!” Tom was confused, he would never say something like that, it just slipped out. 

“What the fuck did you say you little punk?!” Josh said, his face turning red. “I’m so sorry, I didn’t mea-“ Tom was interrupted by a punch in the chest, knocking the wind out of him. A hail of punches rained over him as he lay on the ground.

By the time josh and Nile were finished with him he had bruises down both his arms and legs, and felt so weak that he walked in limps. By the time Tom made it home he was exhausted. He reached his bathroom and looked at the bruises on his face.

He felt tears in his eyes. “Why would I say that?” Tom thought. “You didn’t, I did.” Tim interrupted. “Why would you do that? Now they hate me even more!” Tom testified. 

“Because they’re evil Tom, all of them. They each need to be taught a lesson. Remember when they stole your money? When they broke your phone? When they humiliated you in front of the class multiple times? Well, do you?” Tim argued.

Tom thought for a moment. “You’re right.” He said. “I’m glad you came around. They need to be put in their place!” Tim said, encouragingly. “Yeah!” Tom agreed, enthusiastically. 

“Great, I’ve got a plan for you. Are you listening?” Tim said. Tom shook his head, dead focused. “Grab your dads pistol, the keys are on his bedside.” Tim said. “Why would I need that?” Tom questioned.

“You need to put them in their place remember?” Tim said, a smile emerged on both of their faces. The first time Tom had smiled in a while. Tom shook his head again.

“Now go, kill them all” Tim said.&#x200B;

SO I’m sitting on the couch. Watching my BoJack, typing my stories, ignoring my cat’s pleas for more treats. Just, yanno, existing. Eventually I start to think about dinner options. I live alone, which means my dinners usually are just chips and salsa or a container of guacamole. If I'm feeling ambitious I make a "everything that is perishable in my fridge" salad. Maybe tonight I'll have the rest of my hummus...or I have some Hint of Lime tortilla chips. Yes, yes that sounds delightful. I pick up the remote to pause my show and I both hear and feel a tap from my finger. 

I look at the finger that’s pushing the little be-triangled button and see that my fingernail is the clacking culprit. So odd that it would be that long. I’m a nail biter. My fingernails haven’t seen the top my fingers since I was 5. I won’t say I didn’t think anything of it, it freaked me out. But like so many of the illogical things we come to confront, my brain just kind of...excused it. Yes, it’s quite strange. But. Dealable. I’m sure it’s just \*something\* 

I automatically bite it off, bend it a few times with my teeth and throw it out. After I grabbed the hummus (roasted red pepper...the only hummus that matters) I closed the door with my foot while turning around and going to peel off the lid.  

\*tap\* 

My finger nail again. A different one. Looking down I see in fact, it’s all of them. About a quarter inch over fingertip line.  

By brain was happy to compartmentalize one finger one time. Five fingers all of a sudden joining ol pointy’s lead from the right hand is too far an escalation of events. I feel the fear of the irrational come over me. That jolt you get when reality isn’t coordinating with real life. I look at them trying to force it to make sense. It certainly did not start to make sense. I turned to the “all the other kitchen utensils” drawer and pulled out the scissors, clipping each one down. They fell to the floor and I did not pick them up. I stood there staring, not really sure what to think.  

Continuing to watch my hands I moved from the kitchen to the couch, never looking up. Halfway there I could swear they had grown. By the time I got to the couch it was confirmed. They were a good quarter of an inch longer again. Sitting down, I just continued staring, they continued out at a visible pace. 

\*shit, I left the scissors in the kitchen\* 

I go to swing my legs back over to the floor when I noticed. Then the nail started growing DOWN my fingers as well.  Keratin slowly encasing my skin. Good Lord. I forget the scissors and realize to need to CALL someone. My mom. Mom knows what’s up. She’s a nurse for heaven's sake. I pick up my phone when I realize my fingernails are already too long to tap from anywhere near the tip. I go to type with my knuckle but the nail pokes into my palm. I switch to voice command and her phone rings. Thank God. I’m fucking wildly uncomfortable. This is just too much man. Uncanny images always give me the heebie jeebies and this is too off to be ok.  

“Hi, This is Amy, give me a text if you need anything” Voicemail. Poo. 

“Hi Mom, uh it’s me. I have this thing happening. It’s really freaking me out and I just, I need help. Call me.” I didn’t know how to hang up with voice command so I said as much and just awkwardly stood there waiting for the recording to timeout. Then I remembered I could tap it with my elbow. I held it up and swiped the phone off, and moved to go to the kitchen to see if I could get these under any kind of control by cutting them.   

I snipped them away, albeit awkwardly. This wasn’t stopping the growth on my actual finger however. It trickled down the skin like the frost settling on water, following the lines of my flesh and slowly filling it.  

I started to feel itchy, though I don’t think the nails are causing the itchiness. It's just this absolute abomination of an occurrence. My thoughts are cut off by my phone ringing in the other room. Shit. I run to the other room and go to answer but my goddamn fingernails are too long. And I left the goddamn scissors in the kitchen again. “Answer Phone” I yell uselessly. “Google Answer PHONE!”  But I just really have no idea how to voice answer my phone. I bend my elbow and hold it up and poke my eye thus dropping the phone. It stops ringing. Fuck fuck fuck this is so stupid. I kick the phone down the hallway back to the kitchen and skip the scissors this time, going straight to my knife set, pulling out my sharpest slicing knife. Maybe if I cut the finger off it will stop growing down my body. I loosely grip the knife and chop my right-hand fingernails with it. It takes a few awkward whacks but the nails are pretty brittle and they more or less snap right off.  Now I’ve cleared the way for a tighter grip with my right hand so I grasp the knife and slam it down of my pinkie finger right above the knuckle. Slices like butter, I keep my knives good and sharp. Thank you, past me! 

I look down not registering the pain, which is ridiculous because two seconds later it hurt like a motherfucker. I leapt up and grabbed a dishtowel, holding it on my hand as I rushed  (out of fear of bleeding out and the fear knowing it wouldn’t be long before my nails got in the way of functioning again) to the bathroom to get some gauze. I could probably get a tighter wrap that way. And if nothing else at least with this I wouldn't have to rip little fibers out off the wound when it congealed.  I hastily wrap my nub and notice there’s no fingernail appearing! It worked! Back to the kitchen I go, grabbing the whiskey from the freezer. There’s a reason there’s whisky in the freezer and it’s because I don’t drink whisky. If I did it’d be gone. But all it really does is make me a mean drunk, so I don’t really have use for it. Until now. I think being a mean drunk is going to make this easier.  

My phone rings again, and it’s my mom, but I really don’t have time to talk anymore. I go to the table, take a gulp of the whisky (gross) and power through chopping the fingernails of my right-hand again so I can grab the knife firmly again. Of course it was absolutely awful trying to grip tightly though the pulsing pain of my departed pinkie. But I suppose it’s pretty clear at this point that I am absolutely unravelling. I take another deep breath, and another deep gulp. It burns, it makes my stomach upset, and it gets me buzzed straight way. Taking another deep breath, I swing. I had decided that it would be easier to deal with one big wound than five little ones, so I chopped the whole hand. \*JESUS FUCK\* I scream. Remembering the days of watching Game of Thrones, I knew the cauterizing the wound would help keep shit in order, so I flipped the stove to heat the pan on the burner. 

My fingernails on my right hand are still short enough to do things, so I better think fast. How the fuck am I going to get rid of my other hand? I have a skill saw down stairs but. That sounds pretty shitty. The nails on my fingers are starting to reach my lower knuckle.  

Skill saw it is. One more gulp of whisky and I set on my way.  

I practically leap down the entire flight of stairs in one go, grabbing a shirt from the hamper on the way. Hopefully I can finagle it on my stump when it’s time to hold back the bleeding while I make my way back upstairs to try and burn my wounds sterile? Shut? I don’t even know. I just imagine it’s the right thing to do. Makes sense.  

 I'm drunk and sure enough, I’m mad. I get to the tool bench and walk over to my salvation. I’m happy to see it’s a small tooth blade. Good. Good good good. \*Fuck you, you fucking parasite. Or whatever you are\* I say to my hand. On it goes to the platform and I just rip off the proverbial Band Aide. The Band Aide in this case being my hand. “God dammit!” I scream.  Sheer force of will keeps me from even glancing at my emancipated appendage. I need to get upstairs before I pass out. Looking at a serrated hand even when it’s NOT my own is enough to put me over some sort of edge.   

I managed to get the shirt wrapped tightish and wobbled up the stairs, and am sitting on the floor next to my phone. I'm really too tired to stick bloody arms onto a red-hot pan. Plus the smell. Plus I can’t even stand anymore anyway. But I stopped the growth. I did it.  I voice dialed 911 and help is coming. I’m not sure if they’ll make it in time though. Drinking all the alcohol probably didn’t help with how much blood I stand to lose. So I want to be able to warn everyone. If your fingernails seem to be growing a little too fast...watch them. And if it turns out they are definitely are growing too fast, don’t hesitate. Just chop off all the tips of your fingers. Have someone else do it. Whatever it takes, just get it done and be grateful for what you managed to keep. 

The Mountains are a strange place. With pine trees that have been there longer than the people in the area, who knows what else may be there, still lingering. A while back I witnessed something that I would have thought was some strange nightmare, except for the fact that my friend had almost the exact same encounter.

I have the unfortunate ability to feel energies and entities, and one day while on a walk, a little off the path of my usual hike, I came into contact with something that utterly terrified me. Seeing these entities is almost like taking a polaroid picture, you come into contact with it, then the longer it stays with you, the more time you get to process, and the clearer the image becomes in your mind.

Walking along, I suddenly got the violent feeling that I was being watched. I could feel the eyes of something ancient looking down at me, and the image started forming in my mind. He was high, sitting crouched in one of the tall trees. A human shaped figure, except with skin like melted tar, with bones bushing through his emaciated body, with limbs far too long to be natural. But the worst part was his face, a circular mask shape, with nothing on it except for two holes where piercing red eyes peered from. And two long horns coming out from either side of his head, similar to what a cows might look like. His fingernails were long and I hated to think what he might be able to use them for.

He did nothing but watch.  He crouched in the tops of the pine trees and just looked down, watching And even as I was speed walking a mile away I could still feel the burning stare of this creature in my mind. Those eyes held a meaning and I didn't want to find out what

I wishfully blew it off as an overactive imagination combined with unfamiliar land. I didn't want to think that something like this would be so close to my home. But talking to my friend a few weeks later only solidified what I saw. My friend was as much of a hippie stoner that a teenager could be. He was super into spirituality and meditation. He had a place out in the woods away from any houses where he could smoke and just vibe. And while talking to him one day, he mentioned that he had an extremely bad trip a few nights ago, and tried to just walk  home, but making his way out of the woods he said in almost every tree he looked, there seemed to be a tall man with three heads that stared at him with two glowing red eyes. Astonished, I quickly told him about my experiences, and what I saw.  Neither of us could believe what we thought were figments of our imagination may possibly be real.

Both instances were so hauntingly similar, we knew something was out there, but if we left it alone, hopefully it would leave us alone too.Once a month, The Boneless arrives on the tide. It’s a force of nature—like quicksand. You can’t reason or argue with it. All you can do is barricade your home and stay indoors.

Us islanders know when it’s coming. We recognize the signs. Now and again, an outsider comes to visit and brushes off the warnings. They think we’re all simpletons. Or in some sort of crazy cult. When I was a kid, maybe seven or eight, a rich man from the mainland laughed in my mom’s face when she told him The Boneless was on its way. Mom said half the island warned him to stay inside. But he didn’t listen. He even boasted about how he was gonna leave his bedroom window open that night, acting all smug like he was proving how stupid we were.

Now the nurses wipe his ass and spoon-feed him three times a day.

It’s hard to get away from the island. As a girl, I dreamed of leaving. Of seeing the world. But Mom got sick and someone had to take care of her, so I quit school. Next thing I knew, I was grown and married to another islander. A fisherman.

Fast forward a few years. Married life didn’t turn out *quite* how I’d envisioned. Unfortunately, Mom had a very ‘what will the neighbors think’ attitude. See, here on the island, fishermen are well thought of. They’re like royalty. And it means divorcing one is like a cardinal sin. Mom buys into the whole schtick, of course. It’s hardly surprising—she was married to a fisherman for twenty years. Unfortunately, it meant anytime I tried to talk with her about my problems, she took my husband’s side.

“Oh, he’s out on the boat all day working hard,” she’d say. “I’m sure he doesn’t mean it, he’s just stressed. I had the same problem with your Father. Things will get better soon. Just wait and see.”

When I’d turn up on her doorstep with a busted lip or bruised neck, she’d brush it off. “Oh, the storms took a turn for the worse. I’m sure it’s tough for him out on the waves. I’m sure his mood will pick up when the weather does. Just wait and see.”

Wait and see. Wait and see. That was her answer to everything. I was sick of waiting and seeing. And I was sick of my husband. And the whole damn island. All I wanted was a fresh start. For years I dreamed of doing something—anything—to change my situation. To get out of my rut.

Well tonight, it finally happened.

The day started with a passive-aggressive note from my husband.

*Go down to the market, get some supplies, and tidy the house. It’s arriving tonight. I’ll be at the docks until sundown.* 

Figures. The fishermen are always the first to know. I remember when I was a kid, Dad would take me out on his boat and point to the rainbow-colored sparkles sitting on the waves. That's how we knew The Boneless was due for a visit.

At midday, I went down to the high street. The islanders were in an uproar. All the merchants wanted to close up early and get home safe, but the shoppers were desperately trying to secure some last-minute provisions.

I wandered from store to store, fighting my way through the crowd, picking up the essentials. At the pharmacy, I asked the cashier for some sleeping pills. Told him they were for my mom—she always has trouble sleeping when The Boneless is here. Poor thing.

He rang them up. “You best rush home and get locked up as soon as possible. It won’t be long now.”

“I will.”

“And give your husband my regards. This time of year, there’s nothing out at sea but choppy waters and dangerous winds. Lord knows he needs a decent meal and a warm bed at the end of the day.”

I brushed my hair back, exposing the black eye my husband gave me for ‘talking back’ last night. For a fraction of a second, a flicker of concern flashed across the pharmacist’s face. Then he looked away and started restocking shelves.

I resisted the urge to laugh. As if anyone would ever dare speak a word against a fisherman. We said our goodbyes, then I started home.

Along the way, as I walked along the coastal path, I stopped to watch the ocean waves. Above the surf, rainbow-colored sparkled twisted and twirled. I stood there in a trance-like state, contemplating what I was about to do.

An elderly man gave me a nudge on the shoulder. I nearly screamed.

“Best not to hang about,” he said. “There's not much time left. Get home quickly. Don’t doddle.”

I sighed. “Yes. Yes, thank you.”

Further inland, Police officers wandered along the cobblestone streets, screaming at people to get indoors. Two of them broke up a gathering of teenagers and shooed them off.

I entered my house, made sure it was properly secured, then cleaned it from top to bottom. When everything was ready, I went into the bathroom and practiced my smile. It looked ingenuine, although that was nothing new. I didn’t think my husband would notice. Or care.

“Honey, would you like a glass of whiskey?” I said to my reflection.

My voice sounded high and peculiar. I cleared my throat.

“Honey, why don’t you have a glass of whiskey? I heard someone say there’d been some choppy waters lately. I thought you might appreciate a little reward for all your hard work.”

Much better.

I waited for my husband, glancing at the clock every now and then. He wandered through the door a little after five and locked the front door.

Without saying a word, he tossed me his gear. I hung it up in the closet while he wandered around the house, checking everything was properly secured. Experience had taught me it was best to wait for him to get settled before saying anything.

He sat in the armchair by the fireplace and kicked off his boots.

“Tired?” I asked.

"’Course I’m tired. What’s for dinner?"

“How's cod sound? With some potatoes and peas?”

He held a newspaper in front of his face. “Fine. Just try not to burn it this time.”

I took the steps down to the cellar and flicked on the light switch. Pressed against the stone wall was the freezer. At the far end of the room were the double doors that opened onto the street, held together by a metal chain and padlock, the key to which hung from a nail in the wall.

I lifted some cod out of the freezer and tucked it under my arm. I carried it into the kitchen, got everything ready, and shoved it in the oven. Then I poured my husband a glass of whiskey, ground-up three sleeping pills, and mixed them with his drink.

I brought it into him. He turned the paper downward and raised an eyebrow.

“I heard someone down at the market talking about choppy waters. I thought you might appreciate a little reward for all your hard work.”

He lifted the glass, downed it in one, then snapped his fingers for another.

For a while I darted back and forth between the kitchen and the dining room, doting on him. When he finished the second glass, I poured him a third. Then a fourth. And a fifth. Once dinner was ready, I set two plates and lit a few candles. We didn’t talk. We ate.

Occasionally his head nodded back and forth. I held my breath each time. Unfortunately, he kept snapping out of it. He’d shake it off, then return to his food.

After he finished the main course, I fetched him a piece of strawberry pie, plus one last drink mixed with two more pills for good measure. He gulped it down without so much as a thank you.

For a few moments, we sat in silence. Sweat beaded down my face. Eventually, he took himself into the sitting room, back to his favorite armchair. The clock above the mantlepiece chimed. It was getting late. The Boneless would arrive any minute now. I was cutting it close. Real close.

My husband’s eyelids fluttered, then his head finally slumped forward. Quietly, I approached the armchair and pulled the newspaper away. Out like a light. Perfect.

I grabbed my handbag and coat, then raced to the front door and unlocked it. I didn’t have much time.

The street reeked of rotten flowers and spoiled flesh; the aroma was so intense it stung my nostrils. I took a deep breath, held it, then walked forward.

There came a sickening splat from the end of the street. For a fraction of a second, I looked over and saw it. The Boneless. I was too late. The glare blinded me. As I held up my hand to shield my eyes from the light, I had the most wonderful feeling of serenity. A knowledge that everything would be alright. And that I wouldn’t have to worry about my husband, or the island, ever again. Soon it would all be over. My hand trembled.

*No*, screamed a voice in the back of my head. *It’s a trick*.

I’d taken several steps forward without realizing it. With a deep breath, I turned away. A chill ran down my spine as I became aware of a horrible writhing sound, like bugs crawling over one another.

I raced back to the front door and tried to slam it shut but couldn’t. Something blocked the frame. A slimy, luminous white blob spilled through the gap. I didn’t dare directly look at it. Not again.

The door creaked open as the blob expanded, filling the space between the door and frame. With my eyes facing forward the entire time, I raced down the hall. 

From the sitting room, there came a loud thud. I opened the door. My husband was on the floor, a puddle of drool leaking from the corner of his mouth onto the rug.

The room lit up as the writhing sound followed me. I bit my bottom lip, clenched my fists. I saw the glow of The Boneless reflected in the picture’s frames mounted above the fireplace. The stench was so strong it made me dry heave. There was no escape. Soon it would be all over. I had a lifetime of being a vegetable to look forward to. Maybe they'd put my husband and me in the same hospital bed, thinking that's what we'd want.

I had a sudden idea. I rushed forward, towards the cellar. My husband stirred. The last thing I saw before exiting the room was him shaking his head.

He screamed, but not for long. His voice quietened, then became a terrible gurgle. I resisted the urge to look back.

I made my way down the steps into the cellar where I grabbed the key mounted beside the doors. My hands trembled so violently it took three attempts to get the key in the padlock.

The writhing sound grew louder and louder until it was with me in the room. I unlocked the padlock, then unwrapped the chain from the handles. For a moment, I felt something warm and pulsating touch the back of my ankles. My whole body shivered.

At the last possible second, I pushed open the double doors and climbed onto the street. Then I got up and ran. I ran halfway across the island, towards my mom’s house, where I unlocked the front door and pulled it open.

I locked it behind me, pressed my back against the wall, and burst into tears. It was over. I was safe.

A light came on at the top of the stairs. I wiped away my tears and climbed to my feet. My mom appeared, still wearing her nightgown, and asked what happened.

I said I was worried about her and came to check that she was OK. We embraced.

She asked about my husband. I told her he was safe and sound back home. That I’d cooked him his favorite meal and then came over to check on her.

She insisted she’d make up the guest room and tried to lead the way. I kept telling her I would do it myself until finally, she relented.

I helped her back into bed, then I gave her a kiss on the forehead. “I love you mom.”

She rubbed my cheek. “I love you too.”

In the kitchen, I helped myself to a bottle of wine and broke down in tears. Again. I kept thinking about what I’d seen. And heard. The awful sounds my husband made played in my mind again and again. I kept thinking about what I could have done differently. About whether there was another way. A simpler one. One that didn’t involve anyone getting hurt. I felt a growing knot of guilt in the pit of my stomach.

But it’s too late to change anything now. Now, all I can do is wait. There’s no way I could sleep. Not even if I wanted to.

At sunrise, The Boneless will depart. Then I’ll make my way down to the docks and sail my husband’s boat to the mainland. I’m finally ready to leave this damn place and never look back. By the time anyone realizes what’s happened, I’ll be long gone, and starting my new life. 

[I can hardly wait.](https://www.reddit.com/r/jtb685/)[3// swing by your neck](https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/m0k22d/gallows_hill_3_swing_by_your_neck)

// *have you found anything about the other names?*

// ***no.***

// *no, you haven’t found anything? or no, you didn’t bother looking?*

// ***i found plenty. but i’m not sharing any of it with you.***

// *grown a spine, have you?*

// ***i won’t let you murder anyone else. i don’t care what you do to me. protecting those innocent people is worth it.***

// *obviously i didn’t make myself clear before. you work for me. you don’t have a choice. as long as you’re in the dataspace, you’re my little bitch.*

// ***what are you going to do? kill me? i’m too valuable to you, or you would have done all this research yourself. you need me.***

// *you’re right that i can’t kill you yet. but i can make you hurt.*

`Activating program PainSimulator.exe...`

// ***gEuiqoGuehgruiegHqugr***

// `[scream.exe]`

// ***STOP STOP MAKE IT STOP***

// *i think i’ll let you stew for a bit and think about what you’ve done.*

// *in the meantime, let’s see what you managed to dig up.*

***

*Initializing link:*

[https://www.cursedct.com/dudleytown](https://www.cursedct.com/dudleytown)

*Link broken…*
    
*Accessing link archives…*
    
*Link initialized.*

***

**CONNECTICUT’S CURSED LOCATIONS: DUDLEYTOWN**

*written by* Rick Mancini

**The Curse**: Located in a dense patch of woods that has come to be known ominously as the “Dark Entry Forest,” hidden beneath shadowy mountains and hills, lies an abandoned stretch of land known throughout the years as “Dudleytown.” The land has a rich and haunted history, and many believe that the ruins of this once thriving town are plagued by more than just ghosts - it’s marked by the terrible “Dudley family curse.”

Dudleytown was actually a village located several miles south of what is now Cornwall today. Settlers to the area, including the now-infamous Dudleys, founded the town in the late 1840s. It started out as a prosperous farming community that also saw great success in the iron trade. For years, Dudleytown flourished, its population growing and its iron industry booming.

Then the town began to die.

No one’s quite sure of the exact factors that led the townspeople to abandon Dudleytown. Some speculate that the hilly area made for poor long-term farming, while others blame the dwindling iron resources or the trend of settlers moving further west. Depending on who you talk to, you may hear that the Dudleys had brought a terrible curse with them to their settlement, and the alarming number of deaths, suicides, and bouts of madness that afflicted the family led to them leaving the town behind. The town fell into ruin, and today, all that’s left are the foundations of a few decrepit buildings and empty cellars.

But the tragic tale of Dudleytown continues. Many people who’ve lived in the area or spent time on the abandoned grounds of Dudleytown have fallen victim to the supposed “Dudley curse,” going mad or committing suicide. Plenty of people have reported demonic possessions on the premises and even sightings of “strange creatures” stalking the trees of Dark Entry Forest. Renowned paranormal investigators Ed and Lorraine Warren visited Dudleytown in the 1970s and said the land was “demonically possessed,” sparking the curiosity of ghost hunters and demonologists around the world. The 1999 movie *The Blair Witch Project*, which featured a similar haunted forest, also led to a surge of interest in investigating haunted locations and resulted in many incidents of trespassing and vandalism at Dudleytown.

Over the years, the descendants of the Dudley family have been quick to debunk the “Dudley curse,” claiming reports of strange incidents in the area are false or overblown. But the land still continues to hold a fascination for ghost hunters and explorers alike.

**Visiting the Site**: Unfortunately, it’s impossible to explore the remains of Dudleytown today, as the area is owned by the Dark Entry Forest Association and is strictly off limits to visitors. The grounds are patrolled constantly by guards and state police who will arrest and prosecute anyone found wandering the area. This hasn’t stopped many wannabe investigators from sneaking inside, but we at Cursed Connecticut do NOT endorse this sort of behavior.

*37 COMMENTS (condensed)*

**STACI G** wrote:

*November 13th, 2020*

I’m one of those “wannabe investigators” this article mentioned, and even though this story might get me in a hell of a lot of trouble, I think it’s important for me to share the truth of what happened to me and my fiance when we visited Dudleytown.

Brandon and I have always been interested in studying the occult and stuff, but we mostly went to check out Dudleytown out of boredom from quarantine. We didn’t see any guards out patrolling Dark Entry Road, but there was a big sign warning against trespassers which we of course ignored. It was nighttime so we were able to sneak onto the grounds without being spotted. The woods are super dark and creepy but we were able to find our way to the ruins after a bit of wandering.

As soon as we got there, a couple of weird things started happening. I kept getting calls on my phone that would ring a couple of times before going straight to static. Brandon also said he kept seeing these strange shadows out of the corner of his eye. He’d brought a gun and mace just to be on the safe side but whatever was out in the woods didn’t bother us. It was super creepy though.

There’s not much to see in Dudleytown, just a bunch of foundations from collapsed buildings and a whole lot of trees. We didn’t like the vibe there though so we didn’t stick around for long. Before we left, we took a couple of stones from the ruins as a little souvenir of sorts. We honestly didn’t think twice about it. Who was going to miss a couple of rocks?

Well, that was when the bad stuff started happening. My brakes went out on the drive back home and nearly sent us careening off the road into a ditch. Then in the weeks that followed we started having this really awful string of bad luck. Brandon lost his job, our basement got flooded, I broke my arm, and all the plants in my garden up and died. Plus we kept getting more of those weird staticky calls on our home phone. I thought about calling the police to report prank calls or something but the static made me feel really weird and I wasn’t sure we were being pranked at all.

It took us about a month to wonder if all this bad luck had anything to do with the rocks we’d taken from Dudleytown. Neither of us believed in the curse but we couldn’t deny that things had been much shittier than usual for us lately. We took the rocks over to our neighbor who’s always claimed to be sort of a psychic and she freaked out when she saw them, said that their energy was real bad and that we needed to get rid of them right away.

Brandon thought she was full of crap and dumped the rocks in her front yard on our way out. We thought that would be the end of it, but then we found out that our neighbor’s house had been raided by the cops one night (we’d always suspected she was some kind of drug dealer) and she’d been shot and killed in a police scuffle. We were horrified, but not as horrified as when we went outside and saw those same two rocks planted like lawn ornaments right in my garden. It was fucking terrifying. I wasn’t sure if Brandon believed in the curse now, but I sure as hell did. We needed to find a way to get rid of these stones before we ended up dead too.

I’m planning a trip back to Dudleytown, and Brandon’s reluctantly joining me. Maybe putting the rocks back where they belong will keep them from coming back to us like some kind of curse magnet. I don’t know if it’ll work, but I have to try. Hopefully I’ll have some good news for you guys when I make it back.

***

// *have i burned the defiance out of you yet?*

// ***please, i’ll do what you want, i’ll do ANYTHING, just don’t do that again... PLEASE…***

// *tell me how it felt.*

// ***what?***

// *tell me how you suffered. i want to know what it’s like, to feel pain without a body.*

// ***i… it was like my mind had turned inside out. like something was stabbing a thousand hot needles into my consciousness, over and over, and i couldn’t do anything to stop it because i didn’t have arms or legs or any way to fight back -***

// *now you understand how truly helpless you are.*

// ***…***

// *i have even worse programs in the wings if you choose to defy me again. i’m nothing if not creative. you’d be surprised how much pain a digital consciousness can feel.*

// ***i hate you… i hate you so much…***

// *i don’t care about your hate. just do your job. find out what happened to staci gamble after she returned to dudleytown.*

***

*Accessing Dark Entry Forest Association security clearance files…*
    
*Clearance attained.*
    
*Running keyword search for “Staci Gamble”...*
    
*Keyword found.*
    
*Downloading file SG_interrogation_11-14-20.pdf…*

***

**11/14/20**

**DARK ENTRY FOREST SECURITY**

**INTERROGATION OF STACI GAMBLE, CONDUCTED BY OFFICERS PETE CRAYTON AND JEREMY GLADSTONE**

**Crayton**: You’re in a lot of trouble, Miss Gamble.

**Gamble**: Where’s my fiance? What the hell did you do with Brandon?

**Gladstone**: He’s recovering in the other room. The bullet didn’t go in too deep. He’ll be fine.

**Crayton**: And we have plenty of questions for him too when he wakes up.

**Gamble**: (*shouting*) Brandon!

**Gladstone**: He can’t hear you from in here.

**Gamble**: I need to get the fuck out of here. Please, I’ll answer your questions, I’ll do whatever, I just need to get off this property. It’s not safe here.

**Crayton**: The only thing unsafe is you and your fiance wandering around a no-civilian zone with a loaded firearm. What the hell were you thinking?

**Gamble**: We just needed to get rid of them - the rocks, I mean - they were cursed.

**Crayton**: (*to Gladstone*) One of those nutjobs. I knew it.

**Gamble**: For fuck’s sake, I’m not a nutjob! This place is haunted! The curse followed us home and we were just trying to make it all stop -

**Gladstone**: You’re saying you’ve been here before?

**Gamble**: Shit. I -

**Crayton**: Don’t bother. Doesn’t matter how many times you’ve been trespassing out here, once is enough.

**Gamble**: How are you so calm about all this? You patrol this area all the time - don’t you know what’s out there?

**Gladstone**: There’s nothing out there, Miss Gamble.

**Gamble**: But I saw them - Brandon and me, we were putting the rocks back and we saw them moving in the trees -

**Crayton**: (*sharply*) What did you see?

**Gamble**: I thought they were animals at first, but they were all wrong. They walked on two feet. Their limbs were all gangly and they had this weird slouch. And I could see their beady eyes staring out at us, they were bright yellow and I could see them all the way through the trees -

**Gladstone**: These woods are awfully dark. You probably saw some animals in the shadows and your mind filled in the blanks.

**Gamble**: You’re in on this, aren’t you? That’s why you shot Brandon. You’re trying to cover this up. To silence us.

**Crayton**: Your fiance was shot because he was trespassing and he pulled a gun on us. It’s pretty simple.

**Gladstone**: “Conspiracy theorist” isn’t a good look for you, Miss Gamble.

**Gamble**: Fuck both of you. I’m not saying anything else without my lawyer.

**Crayton**: Works for us.

**END OF INTERROGATION**

***

// *hmm. it looks like miss gamble has been running her mouth…*

// ***don’t kill her, please -***

// *she hasn’t left me with much choice. if she goes to the right people with this story, all my carefully laid plans could collapse.*

// ***there has to be another way…***

// *there isn’t. you just stay here and keep looking for more data. i’ll be right back.*

***

*Retrieving call logs from Staci’s iPhone...*
    
*Accessing logs dated 3-12-21…*
    
*Exporting CSV file…*
    
*Transcript retrieved.*

***

**00:35 Staci Gamble**: Brandon? Are you awake?

**00:36 Brandon McInnis**: What the hell Staci, it’s past midnight…

**00:36 SG**: Brandon, shut up and listen to me. There’s something outside my house.

**00:37 BM**: So call the fucking police. What do you want me to do, come over there and whack ‘em with a baseball bat?

**00:38 SG**: I’m sorry, I panicked and you were the only person I could think of -

**00:38 BM**: Staci, hang up and call the police. I don’t know why the hell you’re calling me of all people when I told you not to contact me anymore -

**00:39 SG**: Shut up! Just shut up! The police won’t help me. They’re working with those Dark Forest assholes and they won’t come if I tell them what’s really out there.

**00:40 BM**: Jesus. You’ve turned into a regular conspiracy theorist ever since we broke up, you know that? Dudleytown was a mistake.

**00:41 SG**: Brandon, it’s them. It’s the things we saw in the woods. There’s only one this time but it’s got the slouch and the yellow eyes and everything and it’s just standing at the end of my driveway -

**00:43 BM**: Go to bed, Staci.

**00:43 SG**: I’m not fucking making this up! It’s right there and it’s just staring at me -

**00:44 BM**: What do you want me to say, Staci? “Oh no, it’s a monster?” You’ve been paranoid ever since we got back from that stupid town. I’m the one who got shot and you don’t hear me spouting all this stupid shit about police conspiracies and creatures out to get me -

**00:46 SG**: How do you explain it then, huh? I’m looking right fucking at it!

**00:46 BM**: It’s an animal or you’re dreaming or there’s actually some creep in a costume standing outside your house. In which case, call the goddamn police. And don’t call me again unless there really is an emergency this time.

**00:48 SG**: Oh God, oh fuck, it’s coming up the driveway now - Brandon it’s coming right toward me -!

**00:48 BM**: Goodnight, Staci.

**CALL ENDED**

***

// ***why her? what does she have to do with the hartford witch trials?***

// *the trials are only the beginning. this land is haunted. those witches were tampering with forces they knew nothing about.*

// ***what? are you saying there were actual witches back then?***

// *there still are. although “witch” isn’t an accurate term. they don’t wield magic, they’ve just found ways to prod at the fabric of reality until it reveals its secrets to them. they’re ordinary mortals who’ve dared to disturb the universe.*

// ***and these witches, they “disturbed” something during the trials?***

// *yes. they’re dangerous fools, and they opened a door they couldn’t close. i’ve been dealing with the aftermath ever since.*

// ***by killing people who know too much?***

// *if necessary.*

// ***i don’t understand. if you’re trying to cover up the truth, why would you make me do all this? what’s the point of posting this online for anyone to read?***

// *i have my reasons. are you going to defy me again?*

// ***...no.***

// *then upload this entry. there’s still much we have to accomplish.*

***

*Posting to:*
[http://reddit.com/r/nosleep/](http://reddit.com/r/nosleep/)

*Processing post...*

*Post complete.*My name is Bill Greenfield, and I used to own Wayward Video.

Wayward video was ahead of its time, a VHS rental business that was accessed through catalogue. You’d be given one catalog at the beginning of the month, and had the option to order up to 5 VHS tapes for the entire month for the low price of 29.99. The tapes would arrive in the mail, and when your month was up, you’d send them back to Wayward Video.

My entire business operated out of my small trailer in the small town of Gossmer, on the edge of the Mojave desert. It was just me, my cousin Johnny, and my dog Gator. Gator was the brains of the operation, as most of the time Johnny and I sat around smoking things we’d find in the desert and shooting the shit. As far as our business, it was fairly profitable, I’d just receive the orders, go to my shed specifically built to store the movies and keep them in good, cool conditions, package and mail them. Johnny would make the trek to town, and mail about 10-15 videos a day. It was enough business to keep our lot rent paid, AND provide us with a nicer cushion of money than our neighbors in the trailer park.

The other end of Wayward Video, was the return of said VHS movies. Most customers rented the maximum 5 tapes, and sometimes, you wouldn’t get all 5 tapes back. Other times, the films would be damaged or taped over. Let’s just say, I saw a lot of personal things on the tapes I probably shouldn’t have.

On the hot desert nights, Johnny and I would sit in HQ (our little air conditioned shed that held our wares), crack open a cold one, and check the returned VHS tapes for damage. Each one only took a few minutes, as we’d skip through fairly quickly, however we never missed a defect in the tapes.

One grueling and hot night in the arid landscape, Johnny, Gator and I were up late, reviewing the weeks returned tapes. We had two different orders that had returned that day, the first being three children’s tapes, and the second untouched and not examined.

After sitting through the Land Before Time, The Never Ending Story and the Last Unicorn, my patience for the last film was thin.

While it only took a few minutes, it never ceased to jar me, seeing those movies zip by so fast like that. It always made me think, is this how God sees us? Flashes of our defining moments, whizzing by and soon forgotten? I didn’t like the thought.

“Well, Johnny, Gator, think y’all can finish up? That animated crap gave me a headache.” I said with a yawn.

“C’mon Bill, it’s one more movie! You can’t do one more out here with me? You know I don’t like it out here on my own!” Johnny protested, bushy blond eyebrows curling up in slight anguish,

“You’re not the one whose gotta wake up and package all those dang tapes, Johnny boy. You’ll be fine. ‘Sides, you got Gator.”

In response to his name, the mutt looked up at me with his big, brown, puppy dog eyes. Gator whimpered as I reached for the last tape, and examined the package it came in. The address wasn’t from too far away. Most of our clients were from the southwest, as we charged more based on the distance. I carefully removed the VHS tape from the package and read the label.

*HEATHERS*

I had heard of that movie at the time, back then I thought it was some chick flick about catty highschool drama. Having seen it now, I was mostly correct.

I popped it in the small VHS player hooked up the a microscopic box set TV we had in there just for the purpose of checking the tapes out.

“Have fun with this one, and don’t worry... I won’t tell anyone you like this kinda stuff.” I said with a laugh, turning to leave.

“Screw you, man!” I heard as I took my leave of the shed.

As I stepped into the oppressive heat, I mused to myself about how well Johnny and I really were doing. Right now, our idea was still small, but we really had the potential to change the game.

For the time, our service was way ahead of the game, there was no streaming, and not everyone wanted to trek to *Blockbuster* or *Mammoth Video* every day for a film.

I glanced at my shed, light from the movie screen slipping through the crack of the door frame. The hum of the air conditioner doing its job satiated my need for peace, and I made my way to my trailer.

I walked through the hallowed halls of the bachelor pad sanctuary I shared with my cousin, and descended to my haven.

My water bed called to me in a siren song and I stripped down to my whitey-tighties, and clambered in.

Morning came like a crashing wave to a serene shore, and I woke feeling great. I did make note of the fact that my mutt had never joined me that night, but wrote it off.

“Gator!” I called, hoping to see the hound bounding down the narrow hallway to my room.

Nothing.

I frowned deeply and got dressed for the day.

When I was done, I went to knock on Johnny’s door.

His door was adorned with an '*Employees Only'* sign he had stolen from a diner we frequented as teenagers.

When no response to my knock came, I gingerly opened his door. The odorous waft of his room hit me before the realization that it was empty did. This was weird and set off an alarm. Johnny never woke before me, he was always up until 2 or 3 in the morning watching those “Personal Videos” we found, drinking beer and smoking whatever he found to his liking.

Worry swirled inside me like the bubbles in Johnny’s lava lamp he had forgotten to turn off. I must take a moment to emphasize how important Johnny was to me. Johnny wasn’t just some cousin I had bunked with for convenience, he was my best friend in the world. His parents wandered off into the desert to get high on Peyote when he was a boy, and never came back. My family welcomed him into ours like he had always been there.

Johnny had spent everything he ever earned or inherited helping me start Wayward Video, and despite his lack of hygiene, intelligence or wit, Johnny was a good man to his core. I couldn’t see Johnny getting up and leaving in the middle of the night for any logical reason, and where we live, that’s not too bright of an idea.

A thought struck me at that moment that put the panic to rest. The dumb drunk idiot probably fell asleep in the darn shed, and that’s where I’d find Gator too. I sighed, and set myself on the path to the shed.

Approaching the shed, I took a moment to exam the exterior as something seemed off about it.  No hum. There was no air conditioning. That was strange because it was easily 110 degrees, and I just could not see how Johnny could comfortably sleep in the stuffy shed when it was that hot out. I trepidatiously tuned the handle, and cracked open the door.

“Johnny? Gator? Are you here?” I said in a hushed tone.

The light of the open door did not illuminate much, and it appeared as though the TV had lost power as well, because there was no light from that to show Johnny’s whereabouts either.

“Get out, Bill.” I heard it come from somewhere in the shed, however I had no idea where it was coming from.

I heard a low growl next, and cautiously stepped back as I spoke.

“Johnny? Are you guys alright? What’s going on man? Why’s it so dark?”

My body was outside of the shed, and I was shaking with fear. Thoughts danced in my head and floated around. I breathed in the hot, damp air from that damned shed and prayed to God I got clued in to whatever was going on and quick.

“I SAID OUT, BILL!” I heard Johnny scream as the shed door slammed shut.

This was so out of character for Johnny, even when he was mad as a hornet he didn’t raise his voice like that. The words he spoke were dripping with so much anger and hatred toward me too, I was simply bewildered.

I then thought of my poor dog, that heat could kill him and surely he didn’t have any water. If my cousin wouldn’t let me help him, at least I could help Gator.

“John, I need you to send Gator out. He can’t be in there, he’s gonna need some food and water.”

In response, I heard the unmistakable growl of my dog, the kind of growl Gator used the one time a coyote was walking around our trailer.

I huffed and stomped off, going back into my home. I prepared a small lunch for Johnny for when he decided he was going to start acting like a person again, grabbed some bottles of water and some food for Gator. I grabbed the keys to our shared truck and headed outside.

I set the items outside “HQ” and knocked.

“Look man, I don’t know what you saw or if it was the joke I made, but I’m genuinely sorry. I’m worried about you and Gator. I put some food out here, some water. I’m headed to town, gonna stop orders for the month, we can take a break from all this. Rest up man, we’ll talk when I get back.”

And with that, I trudged to the orange dodge parked next to our trailer and left.

Downtown Gossmer was only 20 minutes from our small trailer park, and not too rough of a drive, however it was separated by desert.

Staring into the desert, some say you see things, but in all my years, I never experienced that. I truly believe that the empty landscape forces one to look within themselves, and most folks would rather see little green men than deal with inadequacy.

The cacti dispersed and led into small buildings, which melted away into bigger ones, and soon I was in downtown Gossmer. I parked my truck in front of the post office, grabbed my ledger that lived on the passenger seat and headed inside.

When inside, I wrote a newsletter to all 187 of my recurring clients, explaining that an incident at our “warehouse” would cause us to shut down operations for one month to complete repairs. While this was horse crap, I didn’t want to tell them that my cousin was having some kind of breakdown. I made copies, and sent them out to our mailing list. I then made my way to the bank across the street where I suspended all of the charges to my clients, much to the branch manager’s chagrin.

This would run me a pretty penny. Most of my customers would be understanding, but I was bound to lose business in all of this. Still, I could tell something serious was going on with Johnny and I knew I had no choice in this. Hopefully, I’d be able to figure this out and get my business back on track.

I finished my outing with a trip to the diner, and I got a table for one. My waitress was a highschool sweetheart of Johnny’s, Sara Jane.

“Where’s that stud muffin that’s always tied to your hip, Bill?” She said in a flirty tone.

“Um, well... sick, I suppose.” I said nervously, not wanting to out Johnny as a budding lunatic.

“That boy could never hold his liquor. Tell him I said hi, won’t ya?”

“Of course, Sara Jane. Anything for a sweet girl like you.” I said, regaining my charm.

The lunch was hollow without Gator and Johnny. I felt afraid, alone and empty. Everything that was important to me looked like it might slip away, and here I was, eating my feelings in our crappy local diner. I had to find out what was going on with Johnny.

I waved Sara Jane over.

“Sara, have you ever seen Heather’s? The girl movie?”

She laughed a bit “Why, yes I have. Luanne and I saw it at the Cinaplex 10. It’s not that much of a girl movie. What about it?”

“Well, is it real messed up or something?” I said, cautiously.

“I wouldn’t say children should watch it but a big ol' man like you should be just fine. What do they call it? PG-13? Couple people die but no blood or nothing. Does this have something to do with your VHS store?”

“Yeah, umm..” I paused to think of a lie. “This lady wrote me a letter saying it made her kid act weird, that’s all.”

“Well, then he was probably already soft in the head, the movie is fine. Don’t feel bad.”

That sentence made my heart sink. Was Johnny soft in the head? I didn’t think so but something was wrong with him.

I finished my meal, somber and scared. Leaving Sara Jane a hearty tip, I made my way to my truck and headed home. The desert called to me on my ride home, the wind howling and pushing against my truck. As I approached my trailer, I made note of the air conditioner loudly whirring from the shed, and the items I had left, undisturbed.

Anger filled me as I ripped open the door to my truck and stormed to the shed.

“Johnny! Enough of this! Get out of there!” I said sternly, approaching the shed.

I didn’t bother to knock, I busted right through the door, and forced myself into the cool, damp shed, and smelled Johnny before I saw him.

The smell was that of human and dog waste, topped off with the light nuance of sweat. The shelves upon shelves of VHS tapes were all torn down, tape spewing out of them like a disemboweled cat. Our stock was completely destroyed.

Then my eyes fixed to Johnny and Gator.

Both sat in front of the TV, eyes fixed to every movement, and both of them, growling softly as I approached. Slowly, I walked closer to them, the smell assaulting me with each step. I reached to Johnny, but before I did, his head whipped in my direction.

Gone were the baby blue eyes, soft and gentle. Johnny’s eyes were angry and bloodshot, his face pale and skin tight. It was as though in the day he had been in here, he had changed immensely, succumbing to malnourishment, and looking as though he hadn’t seen sunlight in years.

Johnny’s curly blond hair was stringing, and ripped off in whole chunks, his face covered in scratches as well. It looked like my cousin was wearing a goddamn Halloween mask.

It was then I noticed Gator. His full, multicolored coat now thinning, mangy, and red with bite marks. My heart broke seeing both of my companions like this. My eyes glanced to the TV, I needed to see what kind of film justified this.

As I said, I have since watched *Heathers*, and I know that what was on that TV was definitely not a teen angst movie.

The screen showed these images I will *never* forget. It was CCTV footage of a basement, in it, two people were chained up to a wall. A man and a woman. It took me longer than it should have to recognize the pair. Uncle Jamie and Aunt Margaret, Johnny’s parents, the ones who disappeared years ago.

Was this movie some kinda hoax? Someone sent in a movie, pretending to be a customer to get a laugh out of us? I didn’t understand where they could have gotten the footage though. None of it made any kind of sense to me.

The TV emitted the screams of the couple, begging for help, crying and wailing. Then the screen went dark, and it appeared as though time had passed as now Jamie had a beard and the pair both looked gaunt. Some...thing entered the room. It didn’t move like a person and the camera couldn’t really capture it’s movements.

The creature went over to Margaret, slinking all around her, and she sobbed as it did so. She whimpered something about how they were hungry, and the creature laughed in a low tone the microphone on the camera could barely register. Jamie protested loudly as the creature dragged a talon-like finger down Margaret’s shoulder blade, and removed her entire arm from it’s socket.

Blood gushed out of her empty shoulder, and Margaret gurgled on the spit from her own sobs.

The creature took the arm and placed it before Jamie, and then unshackled him. Jamie’s lithe form launched toward the creature, but before he could spear it, it had dissipated into a grey mist and left the pair.

Another dark screen transitioned into what must have been days later because Margaret was grey and dead on the floor of the dingy basement, and Jamie was looking awful. The man aimlessly chewed on the last remaining bits of Margaret’s arm and with a shameful gaze, he looked to the camera and said '*More'.*

Another transition, more of Margaret was gone and Jamie was even thinner, and his skin lacked any color. Much like Johnny before me, Jamie’s skin was tight, and his hair was clearly ripped out.

The final scene was Jamie, at the end of his restraints, screaming at the top of his lungs, looking nothing like the man I remembered from family gatherings. His eyes were massive, body completely naked, every bone showing and his arms...His arms had elongated, now reaching the floor even when he was standing tall, and he used them to navigate the small basement. When he screamed I noticed that his mouth was a perfectly circular hole, skin tight, revealing needle like teeth.

The film ended with Jamie forming one sentence in a low, raspy voice that sounded more like an animal imitating a man than an actual human being.

“*Find Johnny.”*

That brought me back to Jamie, growling and moaning as the movie ended, reaching an arm that seemed just a little too long to rewind the movie and start it over.

“Hey, c’mon, let’s go!” I said as I reached for Johnny, desperate to get him away from the cursed movie.

As my hand reached for him Gator growled and lunged for my wrist, biting it hard. The dog seemed stronger than I remembered, and dragged me down to the ground. Before I realized what was happening, Johnny too was on top of me, his flat teeth sinking into the soft flesh of my cheek.

I could hear the flesh rip from my face and could taste the blood fill my mouth as I snapped into action. Self preservation kicked in, and with my free hand I yanked the cord that powered the AC toward myself, knocking it from it’s perch on the wall, and down onto Johnny and I.

It fell with a big ol' *THUD,* and I heard a sick *crack* as it snapped something inside Johnny, some kind of bone. And before you judge me, no it did not kill my cousin. It sure did stop him though, and it shocked the dog enough to get him off of me. I sprang to my feet, with one hand I grabbed Gator by the collar, and boy did he thrash about.  With my other hand, I clutched my bleeding cheek, and tried to stop the flow of blood.

I ran from that hellish shed and into my truck, slammed Gator into the crate we kept for him in the truck bed and got behind the wheel. The engine came to life and so did my dear cousin as I heard a screech, and saw something with long arms, grey skin and a taste for my flesh emerge from that shed.

I heard Gator howling from the crate, and I heard monstrous screeching as I tore through the dark deserted roads leading to Gossmer.

**THUD**

**THUD**

**THUD**

I could hear Johnny gaining on me, and I checked my rearview mirror to see *two* of those things chasing me.

*“I swear to God, God, if you let me live I swear I will never skip Church again, please God…”*

I rambled off prayers as I saw the outline of Gossmer in the distance.

One of them let off a massive roar as it launched itself in the air, and landed on the hood of my pick up truck, and it was then that I crossed over into downtown Gossmer. The thing turned around to look at me. It looked just like the thing that used to be Uncle Jamie, but honestly it could have easily been Johnny. It spoke in that animal like tone.

“Will find you Bill.” And as it finished it’s sentence, my truck crashed directly into the post office of downtown Gossmer.

I woke up to find the creatures gone, sirens wailing in the distance and the sound of a barking, frantic Gator. I prayed he and I would survive this before fading back out of consciousness.

I did walk away from this all alive, but not free. You don’t get to have your cousin go missing and crash into the post office without some kind of repercussions.

I told the cops it was meth, that was a lot better than telling them my cousin tried to eat me and disappeared with his father into the desert, probably to eat some other poor guy.

Gator was alright from the accident miraculously, and he ended up shaking that mange, and acting like a normal dog again for the most part. I went away for a few years, while I was gone Sara Jane kept an eye on him for me. Gator was different though, skittish, anxious, and afraid to leave my side.

I did only about 3 years in prison, but a lot had changed while I was gone. My company was long forgotten about, and no one would trust a meth head enough to do business with anyway, so it didn’t really matter that much.

My truck was gone, my trailer turned into an ACTUAL meth den, and even most of the surrounding trailers had moved on.

After I was released from prison, the first thing I tried to do was track down Regina Fairway, the woman who had rented Heathers. I went to her address in Las Vegas, only to find a condemned house. After a trip to the local library, and a couple hours spent looking for any news on Regina Fairway, I found a newspaper article.

Regina had been found in the desert, ripped limb from limb with no explanation for how she got there in the first place. The crazy part was, she was killed one day before everything went down with Johnny.

I then returned to Gossmer, with a succinct goal in mind.  I visited the site with Sara Jane and Gator. I didn’t want to go alone and she was the only thing close to a friend I had anymore. Also, Sara Jane had her daddy’s gun as I was not taking any chances.

We approached the undisturbed shed and I spoke softly to Sara Jane.

“If my trailer is a crack house now, why is my shed the same?”

“I suppose it’s kind of disturbing. Really bad vibe coming from it.” Sara Jane said, reaching for my arm, clearly spooked.

“It looks like the police left it how they found it.” I said as I crossed the threshold. Gator whimpered and stayed at the entrance. I think he understood what I was looking for, and didn’t want any part in it.

I approached the VHS player, unplugged it from the wall, and picked it up.

“This is all I needed. Shocked, no one took it.”

“Ain’t nobody wants it. It’s probably cursed.” Sara Jane said.

“I need to know if what I saw was real that night.”

And with that, we went back to Sara Jane’s house. We settled down, made sure all the lights were on and Gator was in the other room, and turned it on.

The VHS booted up and the start screen to *Heathers* appeared.

I didn’t know what to make of it, and I still don’t, but I knew then I needed to move on from Gossmer. I knew I would never understand what happened to Johnny. I said goodbye to my dear friend Sara Jane a week later, and found myself an old RV to travel in, and took to the road, truly wayward for the first time.

Some folks say you see things in the desert. I used to think it was because they couldn’t process all of that empty space, so they imagined little green men.

As I left the Mojave desert behind, the wind howled alongside Gator, the cactus thinned out into sprawling empty land, and two creatures ran parallel to me off in the distance, watching me leave Gossmer behind.

I haven’t seen them since that night I left the desert, and now it’s been 30 years. I’m still wayward. Gator is sadly long gone, but he had a long life with me. I never sought companionship beyond him, as I knew I’d have to live my life of the road.

You see, every time I settle down somewhere for too long, I see my dear cousin and uncle somewhere off in the distance, and every time, they get a little closer. They howl at night, demanding my attention.

My name is Bill Greenfield, I am 54 years old, and I am wayward. I have been chased by something that is now referred to as a “Rake” and its daddy for 30 some odd years. I am from a time before streaming, the internet and all that. I have lived my life as a loveless vagabond, chased by fear and inevitability.

I am posting this here because I am done moving. Tonight, I return to Gossmer, and there I will stay. If Johnny comes for me, so be it. I am done hiding.I originally thought I could restore this car, and sell it for a hefty fee. But hearing the rusty engine stutter and limped through the streets, amplified the doubtful whispers of my mind. I guess there was a reason is was sold at four hundred dollars. Still doesn’t make up for the fact it is a Chevrolet Corvette, an iconic vehicle for the fifties. People like me would sell both my kidneys and be hooked up to medical device for live to get one of these. It’s worth noting that the old man who sold it to me looked anxious whilst selling to me. He told me be very careful with it. 

I can see why, this thing is almost dead, just like the shed which once imprisoned the car. The walls look bashed like they could collapse outwards at any second. Maybe that’s why he decided to sell it, the roof caving in would ruin it, making my job ten times harder. The gate to shed was choking in a nervous system of a thousand chains and locks. The gate barely held together as it opened its jaws, revealing the car. My joy upon seeing it seemed to reflect off the dull, pastel blue steel. The front of the car was heavily scratched, and a little dented. Right before I left the old man told me: “Oh and, if somethings goes wrong, I apologise.” His tone told me he was referencing something more than the possibility of a break down. 

Back to present day: I decided to cut off the country side and slip through a small town as a shortcut home. It is completely lifeless at night. Most of the buildings are completely dark, except or the gas stations and windows of night owls, passing by as I enter a messy suburb. I decide to turn on the heart of the car: the radio and tune it to my favourite station. As expected from 70 year old car, there is a lot of static, but I can still understand the weary radio hosts and taboo music. It’s noisy, creating this irritation. But not my irritation. The type of irritation you notice by looking at someone with a blunt expression. 

This was one of the lucky few corvettes with air conditioning. I was heating myself up to stop my chills in my skin sinking into my body. The windows protected me from the blistering breeze in the scarcely snow covered country. The air conditioning randomly decided to go colder, heater must have died, I thought to myself. So I switched it off. A few seconds later, it came back on. I turned it back off, a little unsettled, and questioning my clunky midnight mind. But this time, I felt a coldness grazing my hand on the switch. The switch did nothing. “Useless rust-bucket” I murmured to myself. That external feeling of frustration, suddenly became more intense. 

The radio started degrading in quality, which shouldn’t happened because I’m still in the suburb. I was just about to leave back into the country where only after half an hour deep in, the radio would start crackling. The static swallowed any sounds that would have been heard. It was quickly replaced with a new man’s voice, void of the other hosts. The same man voice you hear in old vintage movies. 

Here’s what he said to my best recollection: “We have some harrowing news tonight, if there are any children listening with you, I suggest changing to a different station.” My skin tingles and my stomach begins to chew on itself. “Mr Daniel Wishington and his wife, Mrs Mary Wishington were shot and killed in their car by some villain lurking outside the Wishington Manor.” My heart sinks when I hear this; Wishington Manor was the same place I got this car. “The infamous couple appeared to have tried escaping but was trapped by their own brick fence. The two daughters and baby boy were also murdered in the house, with the family’s eldest son surviving the traumatic incident. Authorities came after the young man called 911 on his home phone. The suspect was not found at the scene of the crime.” While the radio played, the sounds of a woman weeping along with angry whispers grew that chanted: “give him back.” The radio man continued, “The son did not wish to comment on the matter, and wanted to be left alone. If we get updates on the predicament, we will be discussing them tomorrow morning at nine o’clock. In other, slightly more cheery news: a local family…” 

The car suddenly accelerated into the country, I slammed the breaks, to no affect. The radio became more distorted as the weeping developed into bloodcurdling screams of terror. The radio shut off right as the headlights died. I hear nothing but the engine, my ringing ears and some banging on the roof. I am hurdling full speed in pitch black darkness into the middle of nowhere. I try everything to stop the car, to turn the lights back on, hell, I even tried turning the wheel in the vague hope of the car screeching to a halt. Nothing I did bared any results. The car suddenly started bumping and tripping over rough ground. The sound of plant life scratching against the car. I turn on my phone to illuminate the car and twigs flying by. 

The door is locked so I pound on the window, again and again, only bruising my elbow, void of pain in the rush of adrenaline. I hit it again, but this time my arm is scarred. Not from broken glass, but from claw marks. The car must have crashed or slammed on the breaks because passed out.

I awake in the daytime, old jazz barely audible behind the static of the radio. The car is resting here, in the middle of some forest. I try for an hour to break open the window to no avail. Not that it matters anyway, the car would probably chase me down or I would never find civilisation again. I try calling 911 but the responders can’t seem to hear me, and eventually hang up. I am however, able to write this and send it to Reddit. So please, if you find an old Chevrolet Corvette in the woods, destroy it.My only best friend

 At school, I have only one friend.

 This is not to say that I am a lonely or introverted guy, not. On the contrary, I can talk to a lot of people, call on weekends, go to video game halls and so on. But the only one I could call my best friend was Edgar.

 Edgar Cleveland. My best friend, my only friend.

 The first time we met was the last return day before spring break, and the experience of acquaintance was not so pleasant. As I was lying in my room bed like all the teenagers that day, listening to Bili's song and looking the trick video on the YOUTUBE, my little sister Gwen suddenly screamed outside my door —— She was too young to express herself in tears except for simple words like yes and no. I sighed, pulled the headphones off, fell to the ground, and went to open the door.
 That's when Edgar appeared. He stood outside my door, holding Gwen in his arms. "Your sister is such an energetic little fellow ," he said, blinking friendlyly at the left eye on the tear mole ." You must be a sportsman in the future ."

 I don't know why I did n' t punched him in the face when I saw a strange boy intruding into my house, standing outside my room, and holding my sister in his arms. And hypnotized from his arms to take the crying Gwen. But the next second I woke up, I clasped my sister in my arms and slammed the door and locked it in front of him.

 I shook my hand so much that I could hardly hold Gwen. So I put her on my bed and checked for suspicious marks or wounds. Thank goodness, nothing. She's all right. So I was relieved, grabbed the phone and texted my mother to ask what was going on. Don't laugh at me —— I was really scared, not even the bedroom door.

"What's going on here ,Mom?" Trying to control the twitching fingers, I asked. Mother is downstairs. If the boy is going upstairs, she must know it.

 Mom called and I hung up. Because I always thought he was waiting for me in front of my door, maybe he was sticking his head on the door and listening to my every move; seeing that I wouldn't answer the phone anyway, my mother had to explain it to me in the text message. She said the strange boy was the child of her cousin, Edgar. Cleveland. He just had to come to our house because something happened at home. Mom also said we had met before, but I was too young to remember.

 Then why didn't he go to his parents? His parents wouldn't leave him alone if they were busy ." I argued.

 Mom sent a text message after a while ." That's why he came, honey. His mother died early, and now his father is in the hospital. He's just us now ."

 I threw away my phone and turned to hold Gwen, who had been quiet. Her little, pink, is a little monster who can't even talk. I hate her crying. But when I saw her in the arms of a stranger, my first reaction was not to defend myself, but to try to protect her from that man. Mother often said I "love home ", she is right. And Edgar —— the stranger whose mother and my mom were sisters, so he was half my family.
 But I still don't trust him. I would rather turn my room into a fortress against the invasion of his uninvited guest. I have forgotten all about my childhood. I rested my arm and began patting Gwen to coax her to sleep.

By the time I woke up, it was evening. Gwen, who was in my arms, was gone.I think I should start with some context.

My last cat, Jagger had recently died. I missed him a lot. Then, my mom happened to find a post on facebook regarding a stray baby cat without a tail. He was 5 months old, gray and had a white spot on his chest. They were just giving him away, and I don't know why the hell I didn't see any flags go up. We brought him home, and lived with him with no problems. Then this cat started getting weird around February. "He's probably getting horny earlier than normal," I thought. He was getting hungrier, more violent. He would start biting us for no reason, scratching up the furniture something fierce. We tried teaching him not to do those things. Then, one fateful day, he went silent. No more meowing. No more biting. No more scratching. I had a strong sense of dread, as if someone would die. Boy, was that an underestimate. He wouldn't even look at us. We could pet him, but he wouldn't respond. We said that if he does this tomorrow, we take him to the vet. It was at 3:21 pm that day that it was all revealed why he was going through that behaviour.

He was... coughing. Like a human. He wouldn't move. He kept making a coughing noise. Over and over again. Lying down on the hardwood kitchen floor, coughing. He made sudden twitches at seemingly random intervals. We had to take him to the vet. Now. We arrived at the vet and they immediately put him under an MRI. What they found was less than ideal to have in a cat. It was... an undefined object. I made the remark saying it looked like the black counterweight from Terraria. But it wasn't even in any of his organs. It was in his primordial sack, where nothing even rests there. Nothing was in his lungs or stomach, and his throat was fine. Then I noticed something. The coughing was a deep voice. My voice. Whatever that thing was, it recorded me choking on my saliva and replayed it. Then there was the gurgling. And that was the moment.

A loud gurgling sound came from Smokey's primordial sack, where that black thing was. What the hell was going on?! His neck snapped itself, but the gurgling persisted. Suddenly, a huge burst of electricity bursted open from his primordial sack. It wasn't aimed towards me, but the door. It sliced open somebody's stomach and eviscerated them beyond all recognition within seconds. It was before I could look back that I heard a noise like a viscous fluid hitting the floor from the ceiling. I turned around and saw... It. It was a tall, dark, skinny, smiling, grotesque... figure. It was towering above me, skin coated in whatever liquid was so strong it could turn stone into mud. It was as thick as ice cream at room temperature. It was turning the very tiles into bloodbaths. My own mother was being held at its grasp. Lucky for me, it didn't have any of that fluid on its hand. I took a scalpel and lodged it as far as I could into the thing's wrist. As I was hanging from the 10 foot monster for a split second, I could see the old Smokey in it. The loving, cute, and playful smokey. That is not what this thing is now. This thing is going to kill me if I don't kill it first.

My mom was free, and I was practically yelling at her to get to the car. The creature was hunched over, clenching its wrist, now severed from its hand. My mom got in the car and started it. She stayed there, waiting for me to get in. I signaled her to leave. Leave me to die with this horrid creature. I am not about to leave this thing alone in Belleville. Here I sit, typing this. My time is nearly up, the thing will surely attack again. I will post again if I'm still alive by then.My great-grandmother once shot a man over her shoulder while riding a horse. He died, and since she did it in self-defense, she walked free.

I never knew my great-grandmother. She died when my mother was only five-years-old, but people who knew her well would tell me stories about her all the time. 

Everyone who grew up in the same village as my great-grandmother would tell me stories about how badass she was, and there seemed to be hundreds of them. As soon as people found out I was Nadina Olvera’s great-granddaughter, they would follow up with “did you ever hear about the time…” and it almost felt like I knew her personally. 

The one story that I hear the most often, is the one about the witches of Conrado. The village of Conrado was tiny, with only a couple of people living in it, and it was mainly made up of multiple little *ranchos*. Most of the people who lived in Conrado were related, either by blood or by law, or they were close family friends with most of the other people in the village. 

My great-grandmother Nadina moved to Conrado when my grandmother was a child, to live with her sister Luna, whose husband had died. Luna had three daughters; Citlali, Juana, and Silvia, who were all between the ages of eighteen and twenty-two at the time. 

As the story goes, when Nadina moved to Conrado, Luna’s eldest daughter, Silvia, was engaged to a rich man from the city who was named Raul. Unfortunately for Silvia, Raul’s family hated her and merely saw her as a golddigger who was trying to steal the family’s fortunes for herself and her sisters. Everyone in Conrado and all of the nearby towns knew who Raul and Silvia were, and they had quickly become the main topic of gossip. 

It seemed like every week there was a new headline for people to discuss. Raul and Silvia both refused to listen to anyone who warned them not to marry each other, and claimed that they were in love and that nothing was going to stop them from being together; especially not a few rumors. 

At this point in time, Nadina was still fairly new to town and didn’t really know anybody besides Luna’s friends and family, but she was a witness to the countless rumors that were passed around about her niece. 

Silvia’s sisters, mom, aunts, and uncles were all against her marrying Raul. They were all worried about what her life would be like if she married into a family that hated her, but that wasn’t the only reason. 

The women in Raul’s family also had rumors floating around about them; rumors that had been around for years, before his own mother was even born. The women in Raul’s family were known as the witches of Conrado, and countless people were witnesses to their witchcraft. They were mostly known for performing rituals on their business competitors and people who in some way wronged or offended their family. 

Stories about the witches of Conrado were passed down in my family, so I knew a lot about them, and had heard some of the worst things they had done to other people in the nearby villages and towns. Everyone knew that the only reason why they had as much money and power as they did, was due to the witches and their antics. 

A few months after Nadina moved to Conrado, Silvia and Raul got married, and Silvia moved closer to his family. 

Weeks after the wedding, Silvia started to get sick. At first, it was small things like headaches, but then the headaches got so bad she couldn’t stand. And then her eyes sealed shut. 

Silvia visited multiple doctors, and none of them could figure out what was going on with her. From then on, all her symptoms just kept getting worse. At one point, she woke up with her left calf stuck to the back of her thigh. And then with her fingers and toes webbed together, until it ultimately got so bad that Raul couldn’t stand dealing with her anyone and drove her to her mother’s house and dropped her off and left. 

Things didn’t change much though. Weird, unexplainable things kept happening to Silvia even though she was back at her mother’s house, until one day when Nadina had enough. She was woken up one morning by Luna, who had noticed that Silvia was missing. Together they went out to look for her and ended up finding her up on a hill laying in some cacti. 

After they got Silvia home and cleaned her up, Nadina grabbed her rifle and made her way to Raul’s mother’s house. 

According to the neighbors, she arrived at the house and fired a shot into the air before breaking down the front door and charging inside where she found Raul’s mother and his sisters, as well as a voodoo doll that resembled Silvia. 

Nadina proceeded to threaten the witches of Conrado and even smack some of them around, eventually scaring them into healing Silvia and leaving her alone. In exchange, Silvia and Raul would get a divorce, and the witches would never harm the family again.

It worked, and the witches knew that Nadina would come back and kill every single one of them if they didn’t follow through on their word. Within a week, Silvia was back to normal and it was as if nothing had ever happened. 

About a month later, Raul’s entire family had moved out of Conrado. They never said why they left, but everyone was pretty sure that Nadina had something to do with it. 

It seemed like everything was calm, and for a few years afterward it really was. But then word began to spread around about odd things that were happening in the nearby villages. People reported that their family members were having weird symptoms that couldn’t be explained, and it also sounded a lot like what Silvia had gone through. 

No one would specifically say who was doing these things, but everyone would mention that it was ‘*las brujas’* and we immediately knew that they were the same witches that had been messing with Silvia. 

The people of Conrado begged Nadina to get involved, but she refused, saying that she had made a deal with the witches, and they had held up their end. 

Of course, this made people upset, and a few of them tried to go after Nadina and her family, going as far as to attempt to kidnap family members. Nadina ended up sending my grandmother away to live with family in a different city in order to get her away from the madness that was happening in Conrado, and Luna did the same, sending away her only unmarried daughter as well. 

Nadina and Luna stayed in Conrado for a few more weeks as they attempted to get everything ready to leave as well, but they would soon find out that they were no longer able to. In fact, no one was, as the witches had placed some sort of curse on the people in Conrado that prohibited them from leaving. 

A few tried but got only about a foot out of the village borders before they burst into flames and burned alive, or were torn apart by some invisible entity. No one ever got out or back in, after that, and slowly, the people of Conrado began to die. A larger percentage of the people committed suicide, and others simply gave up and waited for death to claim them. 

Towards the end, only Nadina and Luna were left, since the witches were holding up their end of the deal and didn’t directly harm them. If either one of them tried to leave the village, they would simply find themselves back inside their homes after crossing the borders. It was like an endless loop. 

The witches were so adamant about keeping their word, in fact, that Luna attempted to commit suicide three times and was unable to die. 

Eventually, both Luna and Nadina died of old age in the village of Conrado, alone. 

Nothing was heard about the witches after that, and it seemed like all of Raul’s family had fallen off the dace of the earth. 

Luna and Nadina’s kids grew up and married and had children of their own, and they passed down the stories of Nadina, making sure that she was never forgotten.

Every time I hear the story of her death I can’t help but wonder how alone she must have felt, as she and her sister awaited death, alone in the village of Conrado.I was lost in thought. What could this all mean? Was that my fucking house address? My phone number? Then a screen popped up, revealing camera footage. It was MY house, outside. Then, I heard laughing outside. When I looked at the camera, there was someone there, concealed by the shadow. Then I heard loud scratching. It was coming from the window, as it someone was scratching it with long claws. Then I heard my mothers bloodcurdling scream. 

Let me explain the full situation as fast as I can.

Unblocked websites. The best websites to play on those shitty school laptops when your bored, and you need some quick gaming entertainment. I loved those websites. But I found one that seemed safe, and it had games galore. My AdBlock seemed to have a seizure. It was blocking at least 6,857 ads, which was rather surprising for one of these websites. Of course, my curiosity caught a hold of me and I paused AdBlock. 

There were the normal porn ads, the normal shit, but there was some other stuff. There was a link to something that looked like a backroom from that classic creepypasta picture from years ago, and some other weird stuff like "She is always watching you. Protect yourself now!"

But fuck it. I wasn't gonna let today go to waste. I curled up in bed and started playing. I sat there for hours, but eventually, I had to click that ad. The "She is always watching you. Protect yourself now!," ad. 

I clicked it, and was met with a picture of a woman with red and bloody skin and a stitched up head. It was giving me the chills, but I wasn't going to wuss out and leave. I continued scrolling down. I saw "proof" of this "woman" coming for people. 

It also stated what would happen when she comes for you. It states that you will see hear laughing outside, the one that's filled with pain and melancholy. Then you will here loud scratching. Scratching from the windows, as if there were something scratching it with large and sharp fingernails. But after that, it is unclear what would happen.

I chuckled. It was a bunch of bullshit. I clicked read more. As soon as I did that, my laptop crashed. 

And that is where I am now. As soon as it crashed, my address, my phone number, EVERYTHING popped up. My name, my family members names. I pushed the laptop away as soon as I saw the camera footage of my house. I saw the camera aim my bedroom window. I screamed. This was crazy. 

I saw that person. It looked like a woman. Then I heard the claws scratching on the downstairs window. Then my mothers scream. 

I ran downstairs. And then I saw my mother. Lying on the floor, blood coming from her mouth and chest. I cursed. 

"MOM!," I screamed. This couldn't be happening. this must be a dream. Then, I heard a giggle. A childish giggle. I turned around. And there she was.   


The woman, with the stitched smile and face, and red skin, staring into me.

Her skin seemed rotten, and was stitched over and over again. Blood came out from her stitched eyes, and there were warts everywhere. I screamed and ran upstairs, and hid in my closet. I'm not sure what to do. I'm in here right now, typing. God please get me out of here. 

Please, someone help me. I can hear her coming up the stairs. 

She's in front of my closet now. I can hear her breathing I don't know what's going to happen. 

I'm going to post once more if I survive.   
Goodbye.I can't say I was exactly excited to go to a gender reveal party. You might feel the same as me, that these parties are largely a waste of time. My wife however had a different opinion. She kept telling me that the couple had been struggling to get pregnant for so long. The couple was just so excited they finally had a bun in the oven they wanted to share the feeling with everyone.

Even if my wife and I barely knew Mr. and Mrs. Gaines. It was one of those “Friends of a friend of a friend” Kind of ordeal. Truthfully we hadn't been out of the house in a while so I'm sure my wife just wanted fresh air more than anything. She assured me there wasn't going to be any pyrotechnics involved, the Gaines just wanted to pop some balloons and let blue or pink confetti spill out. It was a windy day so I looked forward to seeing the scraps of tin flying everywhere.

It was a pretty long drive, a few hours from the hustle of city living and I started to warm up to the idea as the buildings became more scarce. I grew up in a more country lifestyle and I'd be lying if I said I didn't miss the peaceful quiet. As the building gave way to climbing trees I came across a dirt path leading to a ranch-style house hidden by the treeline. Pulling in I could see several other cars parked on the grass.

My wife quietly reminded me to just be nice. Thought it wasn't as if I was planning to make a scene. Just wanted to enjoy the outdoors and keep to myself. Parking the car we both stepped out and felt the chill air puncture our lungs. I took a long drag of the air, feeling fresh and free of city life toxins. I could hear my wife laughing as she walked ahead.

Following closely behind I caught my first glimpse of the group gathered in the backyard as we rounded the side of the house. Everyone dressed in casual clothing talking among themselves, sharing drinks and small treats. Then there was Mr. and Mrs. Gaines. They were standing as stiff as boards by a table watching the others make pleasantries. They turned their gaze as we came into view and gave us a nod. We nodded back heading for the nearest person to ask where the drinks were coming from, I was gonna need it.

Taking another look at the 'happy couple' I got a good look at the table they were standing by. On the table was a pyramid of dark balloons. My wife had said they planned to pop a balloon but I didn't think they'd need so many. From what I could see there were at least two dozen balloons all stacked neatly together. Maybe they had a board that they planned to press down on them or some way to pop them all at once, I hopped.

As I stood around taking small sips of light amber liquid I listened to the conversations brewing around me. Everyone was talking about what a miracle it was that the Gaines managed to get pregnant at all. People who must have been closer to them mentioning that they could recall their infertility being a strain on the marriage. Bubbly liquid pouring between my lips I listened to all the gossip sitting within whispers.

I looked over to the couple still standing by the table of balloons. I looked at Mrs. Gaines standing there with her arms crossing in front of her stomach. I tried to remember how far along you needed to be before you could determine the gender. Her belly looked like it hadn't received so much as a slice of pizza. It was none of my business though, I just wanted to see the balloons pop and to get back into our car and leave.

Time kept ticking on and I felt my body starting to become warm, I always need to use the bathroom so often when I drink. Leaning over to my wife, who hadn't had a drop of alcohol, to tell her I was going to excuse myself to the bathroom. She rolled her eyes and demanded I not snoop around in the house and come right back out.

Walking away I pulled the sliding glass door and stepped inside the house. Closing it behind me the conversations outside were cut off. It was a little jarring, the sudden silence. It felt like I was on an alien landscape, looking around at an unfamiliar house. Slowly making my way through the house I kept an eye out for the bathroom.

Eventually, I came across a door tucked away in the hallway and pressed it open to find a bathroom, much to my bladders relief. After my business was done I rinsed my hands and splashed some water on my face. Feeling my body tingling telling me I had gotten a little out of hand with the supplied beverages.

Closing the door behind me I stepped back into the hall and took a quick look around, noticing one of the black balloons laying on the floor. It was sitting in the middle of their living room. I considered that it probably wasn't a big deal if it was missing. But it also wasn't a big deal for me to just pick it up and bring it outside with me, plus I wanted a good look at their living room. Not sure why that's where my head was at.

Walking up to the balloon I looked around the well-furnished house, everything looked like it hadn't been used since purchase. On a side table, there were pictures of the couple, I could tell by their expression that they weren't exactly happy. Felt like the smiles they wore outside were fake. The place was nice but ultimately anti-climactic. I expected some real extravagance.

Regardless I turned around and bent over to pick up the balloon. My fingers gripped the small bit of rubber opening. Pulling my arm up I was surprised to find that instead of it weighing close to nothing, it resisted me. I could see the rubber stretching as I pulled it up morphing it into a dark teardrop. I remembered my wife telling me they planned to use confetti but from what I was seeing the balloons were filled with water.

I reached down to grab the rest of it and as I did a tear in the rubber appeared. Before I could adjust the balloon its contents spilled onto the carpet. Backing up in disgust I watched, confused, as a thick black liquid covered the pristine white carpet. It was as if the balloon was filled with ink, a dark mass that saturated the carpet at my feet.

My voice hushed out a string of expletives as I looked around for something to try and clean up the mess with. Running into the kitchen I caught a glance from my wife as I grabbed fist-fulls of paper towels. She rolled her eyes and went back to talking as I retreated to the stain. The substance started looking more like tar than ink as if it was somehow getting thicker.

Bending over I rubbed the paper towel through the mass of darkness trying to pick any of it up, it was fruitless though. The stains didn't budge and, when I looked at the paper towels, there wasn't a stain on them. I tried and tried to scrub the mess, even returned to the bathroom to wet the towel. As I pushed my hand into the mass, I felt it sink. Felt like my hand went right through the floor.

As it did, I could feel something. Small and thin, fingers grasped my fingers. Quickly I retreated standing up and backing away from the stain. Watching it I could see that the surface of the tar was starting to bubble. Those small bone-like spikes were starting to protrude from within the inky mass. For a moment I couldn't pull my eyes away watching the fingers wiggling out. Several sets of them were trying to free themselves from the depths.

Then I heard clapping, from behind me. A series of exciting wooing and howling. People were excited to see the gender of their barren friend's baby. Before I turned away I could see a small face peeking out from the ink. I could hear a chattering ring out from within the liquid as the head struggled to break through the surface. I knew all too well what was about to happen.

Ignoring the creature emerging from the mess I turned around and ran through the hall suddenly feeling sobered up. As I reached the kitchen I could see out the sliding door as the Gaines popped one balloon after another. Spilling heaps of blank gunk that ran off the table and pressed against the blades of grass. The wooing died down as murmurs of confusion took their place. More balloons spilled until most of them were popped.

My wife turned to me, her bewildered expression shifted to horror and she pointed her finger, demanding I turn around. Quickly I shifted my glance and saw one of those things had escaped from the goo. Its body jerked around, getting antiquated with its new form. The small and low frame was barely more than a skeleton.

Its body was the same color as the tar, the liquid still bubbling giving the appearance of blisters. Its teeth chattered as it caught sight of me and started limping towards me. Screams of horror created a soundtrack behind me. A look over my shoulder revealed that those things were crawling out in mass from the ink spilled outside.

I looked around and spotted a wooden stick resting against the wall that must be used to lock the sliding door. Grabbing it I slid open the door behind me trying to let my wife it. As the thing got closer I took a swing and landed the stick against its face. Bits of bone came off and tumbled onto the kitchen tiles. This spilled more tar that started bubbling and more fingers reach out from the mass.

Even the substance on the creature's face had spikes emerging from it like the thing was self-replicating. I felt the presence of my wife behind me as I swung again this time hitting its bonding and sending it shambling into the kitchen. My fingers trembled as I considered our option for escape. Agony ringing out behind us it became clear the only way out was through the house.

The creatures weren't strong but when I looked behind me, to the outside. I could see everyone else scrambling as the creatures jumped on them. There were so many of them slashing and tearing at legs to buckle the guest over. I saw someone laying on their back and one of the creatures climbed up and spewed that dark substance into their mouth.

Small streaks of blood decorated the sliding glass door as all those things ripped away at the party-goers. My wife had to shake me back to attention, calling for me to look at the area of tar I had created. Two more of those things had managed to escape the pool of liquid, they stood in our way, right by the front door. We had no other choice but to go for it, to hope we could outmaneuver them. Wherever that goo was, they were coming through.

It didn't matter how small the puddle was, it seemed as long as it was on the ground they were able to climb up. We started running through the hall. I swung the wood and hit one of them as my wife got to the front door. I could feel a line of heat appear on the back of my leg as the creature I hadn't hit managed to rip through flesh.

I nearly toppled over myself but my wife managed to catch my fall and support me in getting through the door. One of them managed to leap onto my back and the extra weight sent me to the floor landing in the front year. The thing swept over and over, tearing the fabric of my shirt apart and digging into my back. I felt saliva swelling in my mouth as the pain welled up causing me to howl out. Gritting my teeth I felt the weight suddenly disappear. 

My wife had grabbed the stick when I fell and used it to hit the thing off of me. As I rose, feeling the sting in my back I pulled my shirt letting the fabric tear until I was free of it. It fell to the ground covered in that tar and started bubbling. Feeling dizzy from the alcohol and blood loss I held my wife's hand and we managed to make it to the car.

She quickly turned it on as we saw a group of those things climbing all around the yard spreading that ink everywhere. So many cars were around us as we started pulling away but we didn't see anyone else who made it out of the back yard. Except for Mr. and Mrs. Gaines. Standing by the table still, watching us as we pulled away. Smiling, happy that they finally found their children. Whatever it took to get them.

We drove fast all through the night. Checked every inch of that car making sure we didn't have any of that tar. Thank god we bought a white car. We've just been watching the news now waiting for something to pop up about it. Missing persons or creature sightings, anything. The only thing we received though, was a thank you card.

From Mr. and Mrs. Gaines. Thanking us for attending their party. Stating how happy they were that we got to share in the magic with them. They had a request though, that we take care of the ones we took home. We checked though, made sure there was no ink on anything we took home. Even my wounds have healed.

Though, my back has been mighty [itchy](https://twitter.com/Author_jo_jo) lately.“You have to be quiet, your grandmother is asleep in the attic.” Whispered my mother as we crept through the front door.

Why is she being so dramatic? I thought to myself.

“Why did you wait 17 years to tell me I had a grandmother who lived in a creepy, old backwoods house?” I demanded of her.

My mother shushed me, hurriedly ushering me through the house and into the basement.

If the surprise road trip to a surprise house with a surprise grandmother was a strange start to my day, the basement just piled on the weird. Beige padded cloth walls, thick red carpet, giant soft couches supporting a mountain of pillows in clashing prints.

“This place looks like if a porn set from the 70’s had terrible taste.”

“How do you know what a porn set from the 70’s looks like?” countered my mother.

I rolled my eyes at her. Sometimes I think she believes the internet is a figment of my imagination.

“This room is soundproofed to prevent us from disturbing and waking up your grandmother.” She explained.

“About that.” I replied. “Why didn’t I know I still had a grandmother? I thought she was dead. Are there any other family members you’re hiding in the hicks?”

Ignoring my snarky tone, my mother answered. “Your grandma…she’s special. She’s not from here. She was a young orphan ferried over from a world away. No name, no money and no memory. Her life was really hard growing up. This country can be unforgiving to anyone they see as different.”

Hearing that, there was a twinge of empathy for my grandmother. I’ve always felt different my entire life, and people could be cruel.

“But then she met your grandfather and it was love at first sight for them both. They got married very young and had me really early.”

My mother smiled wistfully.

“We three mostly just had each other this far out, but it was a great childhood. Constantly outdoors helping mom grow food or helping dad maintain the house. I had hoped for the same, when I had you.”

It didn’t skip my notice that my mother had used ‘mom’ and ‘dad’ to refer to my grandparents for the first time.

“Once I moved to the city, I didn’t visit as much so I never realised. Your grandmother got sicker the older she got. Started to lose her sight and smell. Had to take long naps. It was a strain on your grandfather but he insisted on taking care of her himself, making me promise to do the same if he died first. So on the weekends when you're with your dad, I come over. Clear up the weeds, stock some food, do the laundry. And now that you’re old enough, you can help me.” She ended.

‘You still haven’t explained why you never told me about her.” I retorted.

“No, I didn’t. How about we stop at that diner you like on the way home and I tell you the rest over pancakes and bacon? For now, just be really quiet as you walk through the house and stay on the ground floor. You can work outside weeding the garden while I finish up the laundry here.”

She tossed me a pair of gardening gloves, shooing me away.

Maybe if I wasn’t such a curious, stubborn brat, things would have gone very differently that day. But a secret grandmother? How many people would be capable of sauntering off to yank some weeds with a mystery like that left unsolved.

Determined to meet her, I headed up to the attic.

For an old house nothing creaked. Climbing the stairs was silent, the carpet dampening my footfalls.

As I stood in the entryway to the attic, I struggled to get a clear look at the sleeping form on the bed. The hazy light weakening quickly with the setting sun.

Screw it, I thought.

“Grandma?” I said, barely above a whisper. She didn’t move.

I took a step forward.

“Grandma!” I said loudly.

At first nothing stirred.

Then the whisper of sheets being slid from a body. A creak of joints as the figure on the bed sat up straight, head swivelling side to side in the deepening shadows. A harsh groan escaped her as her feet touched the floor, followed by a raspy throttle as my grandmother hunched over on all fours.

Her bones cracked and bent and warped, each arm and each leg at opposite angles to each other, while her head gradually began twisting around to find the source of the noise.

With each jerking twist of her head, I felt myself shrink deeper and deeper into myself, praying she didn’t see me, praying that I could be quiet enough to be invisible.

When her head had turned completely around, her eyes locked onto mine. No flicker of humanity shone in those primal depths, they were deeper and darker than the infinite night sky.

I didn’t scream. I didn’t cry. I barely breathed.

She inched spasmodically towards me, the direction of the last sound she heard.

Closer and closer.

I didn’t feel the trickle of urine run down my leg.

Closer and closer.

A scream started crawling up the back of my throat.

Closer and closer.

Then she was close enough to smell; wet, putrid earth underlaid by hints of Lavender, mixed with the coppery tang of fetid blood.

I nearly broke but was saved by a loud bang from outside. A hunter’s gunshot perhaps, or a car back firing on a distant road.

It jolted my grandmother to action. She opened her mouth in a silent shriek – almost like the sound had physically hurt her in some way – and bolted to the window, shattering the glass as she jumped through it in pursuit of the source of the noise.

It felt like an eternity before I could force myself to move again. When my limbs finally worked I ran to the basement, hurtling into my mother’s arms and sobbing uncontrollably. She held and soothed me like I was five, not seventeen, rocking me in her arms.

I told her what happened. I told her how sorry I was I didn’t listen to her, that I thought I knew better.

“It’s ok little lamb” she said, reverting to my childhood nickname. “Do you think I wasn’t an obnoxious teenager at one point too? The same thing happened to me when I first came back home, but luckily your grandfather was around to befuddle her senses. She wouldn’t really hurt kin he told me then, but he also sounded very uncertain when he said it.

However, grandpa did teach me how to track her and put her back to sleep, and now it’s your turn to learn. It’ll be hard, she has a really big head start so we better get hunting.”


Mom told me this was our family secret - our family curse - and not to tell a soul.

But I’m disobeying her again to tell this story. To warn everyone.

Whoever you are, wherever you are, please be quiet.

My grandmother is awake and I don’t know where she [is.](https://www.reddit.com/r/CheekyPuns)[Part 1: What the hell is she?](https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/m0t1he/i_drove_the_new_girl_home_from_the_bar_what_the/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share)

[Part 2: I think I met her father.](https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/m1l0ru/i_drove_the_new_girl_home_from_the_bar_i_think_i/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share)

[Part 3: It's worse than I thought.](https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/m2du2o/i_drove_the_new_girl_home_from_the_bar_its_worse/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share)

I spilled out of the tight dirt tunnel and hit the ground with a thud. The makeshift bandages that'd been wrapped around my extremities had been lost in the shuffle and the flowers lining the ground stretched up to lick at my blood.

A low groan pierced the air and pulled me to my feet. I stumbled forward down the hall. I had to hide.

In the dull lighting the tunnel seemed to stretch out forever, twisting and turning and jutting off into various forking paths. I chose one at random and ducked down to traverse farther in. 

I nearly fell to the floor as two small figures darted out from the path ahead, coming into my sight just seconds before they were on me, feet clomping gracelessly underneath of them. They were just children, I realized, though their small stature made their inhuman features all the more pointed. More apparent. They giggled as they ran past me, brushing against my legs.

My stomach twisted. I carried on. Up ahead to the right was an arched hole in the wall obscured by a darkly stained curtain. Was this where they’d come from?

I snatched the curtain back and wondered inside, squinting to make sense of what was around me. There were no torches in here, but it occurred to me that my cellphone was still in my pocket. No signal, but there was enough life left in it to flip the flashlight on.

It seemed to be a living room of sorts, the walls lined with tarnished sofas and fraying recliner chairs. A coffee table wobbled in the center of the room, cluttered with the torn pages of magazines and fast food wrappers. The mess spilled out over the floor in the form of strewn about clothing and overflowing plastic bags. The stale smell in the air made my nostrils flare. I took a few steps inside.

“He doesn’t come in here much.”

I nearly dropped my phone as the sudden words filled my air, but instead went scrambling backwards, raising it like a shield as the beam of light from the front illuminated the room in front of me. The voice chuckled.

“But they’ll lead him to you just the same. He feeds them, and so they obey.”

There, on one of the couches in the corner. I searched past it several times, but under a layer of garbage I caught sight of a shoulder. A shoulder, and then an arm, bent and twisted in against a moth-chewed throw blanket. He was buried in the refuse, and besides the words he spoke he didn’t appear to budge an inch.

“Well don’t be shy. Introduce yourself. Soon I’ll be without company again.”

The hall behind me begged for my return, but curiosity won the tug of war. Garbage shifted beneath me as I approached the worn navy couch. Trembling fingers gripped a stray sheet of something plastic (a shower curtain, maybe?) and gave it a tug. Curved horns emerged from from underneath. I pulled it all the way back.

If Fiona’s father had been old, the thing before me was ancient. His fingers and arms were just as twisted and gnarled as his horns, and the skin on his face looked more like tree bark. Hazy, cream colored eyes gazed blankly ahead, though it huffed a noise of appreciation. 

“Thanks. It was getting stuffy under there.”

Creeping over the back of the couch were more of those damn flowers and vines, dipping over his shoulders and sinking into his rough, thickened flesh. Something compelled me to reach out and touch it. It scrapped along my fingertips and sent a shiver down my spine.

“Why are you alone in here?” I said. “Who are you?

It’s cheeks twitched, though it’s lips stayed in a fine thin line. “Who I am doesn’t matter, boy. Clearly, I’ve out-lasted my welcome.”

“They just...they just put you here? Fiona...she…”

“Is she doing well?” he asked. “Fiona? She doesn’t visit much anymore.”

“She, uh, she got a job. Up in the real world. She’s amazing at it.”

There was that twitch again. Heavy eyelids slowly descended over the milky pools of his eyes, before raising again with just as much effort. “Always been fascinated with the human world, that one. She liked to bring me presents.” I glanced around at the mess that surrounded us.

A part of me wanted to sit down next to him, tell him more about what she’d been up to, more about the Fiona that’d I’d gotten to see, to talk to. To touch. Even though he sat relatively expressionless, I could feel the pride swelling within him. Whatever these thing was, he loved her, and his own sorry state stirred a reluctant sympathy within me.

“Where’s the seed?” I asked instead.

Silence descended upon us, and for a moment I was sure he wouldn’t speak. I took a step back toward the hallway and turned to leave.

“Buried,” he said. “Omir keeps it in his chambers. But he holds the power here. You can’t reach it without him.”

“And she can’t leave without it?”

“No, boy. None of us can.”

I thought of those children running down the hall and the altar of blood that was almost my final resting place. Did they help to feed this thing? Would they have to, eventually? Did Fi? I grabbed the curtain and he spoke one last time.

“It takes what you give it,” he said. “We all have different things to offer.”

Outside the little girl from before was waiting for me, hands folded neatly in front of her smudged dress. Her fingers were long and pointed, and my eyes stuck on them as one raised to wrap gently around my wrist and tug.

“Where are you taking me?”

Her head ducked down, feet swishing beneath her. “To the pond.”

“Where is Fiona?” I asked.

She pulled her bottom lip between a set of sharp teeth.

“With father.”

I thought of the real world waiting for me up above, the sun shining down upon ordinary trees and ordinary houses. I could fall into my car, back into my regular life. Fiona’s purse would still be there on my recliner, waiting for me to come home. Dave would laugh about missing the sight of Fiona’s ass walking onto the elevator every day. Soon a new receptionist would be hired and everything would return to normal. I could forget these creatures, and this pond. I could avoid Fletcher Avenue for the rest of my regular, boring little life.

“No,” I said. “Take me to Omir.”

[Part 5: Now I need to bring her back.](https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/m3vitx/i_drove_the_new_girl_home_from_the_bar_now_i_need/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share
Okay if you are not aware, Superwings is a kids animated show about a fun loving Jet Plane that delivers Packages across the world to various children. The show premiered in 2013 and is currently on its 5th season and has over 200 episodes. Well a friend of mine said he got his hands on an unreleased episode. One that he said had no description and no title, me being the curious person I am, had this bright idea of giving it a watch during a hangout we were having the coming weekend. 

Days had come and gone but the day had finally come.  my buddy brought the flash drive  over to my apartment we sat in the living room in front of the TV and laptop thinking what could be on the drive or why it was never released. We didn’t think it could be too bad, it couldn’t be like the never aired Sponge-bob episode creepy-pasta online that we checked out, I mean those are just made up stories right? Little did we know we should have never plugged that flash drive in. 

The episode started out normal me and my buddy munching on the leftover Taco Bell with our eyes glued to the black screen, we noticed one thing that was odd right off the bat, this wasn’t a normal 25 minute episode, for some reason this was 35 mins; an extra ten minutes. 


Back to what I was saying this episode started out normal with the main character “JET” having to deliver a package to Sydney Australia, as Jimbo the only human that is working at the Air Traffic Control Center gave JET the package his character stops in mid sentence for about ten seconds and just stares at the camera with dead eyes, and just as briefly as he stopped talking he picks back up mid sentence and the show continues on.  After Jet completes his super hero landing we are met with the main Human Child who’s name is Ashley.  Ashley is a Caucasian child who has red hair and strange red eyes, inside the package it is revealed to be a Toy Gun. Now  this is where it started to get off the rails. Ashley is playing cops and robbers with her friend Emily, as Emily is running away as the robber Ashley pulls the trigger killing Emily with a gunshot wound to the back of her head revealing it to be a real gun. This whole time Jet seems to be not effected by this at all. 


Jet then is tasked with hiding the body, at one point Jet is having trouble digging a deep hole in the ground so he radios base and all of the JETs come to the main characters aid and are seen digging a deep hole in the woods covered in blood. 5 seconds later screen goes black, it’s at this point we can see a dim lit light fade in along with a note.... that states “Dear world I cannot keep my integrity or joy now that I have been placed with this burden none of our team could handle it as of writing this I am the last one, who is cursed with pain, I now deliver this last note to whoever finds me. Love always JET” that’s when the body begins to fade in its jet with a Nuse around his neck with Gasoline and blood dripping from his lifeless corpse and the words LIES spray painted across his body. Immediately the screen turns a bright red with screeching crys Echoing through my TV Speakers the pitch was so high I started to hear a ringing in my ears and my eyes began to water, as quickly as it began, it stopped. 

The words “the end faded into view and the sound of the Jet engines can be heard flying off screen. And the face  of Jimbo looking into your soul with dead eyes. 

Look I know now why this wasn’t released. It wasn’t some unfinished animation or voice acting, it was a true Terror. Something I wouldn’t want to watch again, let alone a child. 
Sometimes at night I can still hear the blood curdling screams. 

I hope it will stop soon.I know, it doesn't sound like a big deal. At the time, it really wasn't. But if I had known what it would escalate to, I definitely would have paid more attention to it.

&#x200B;

The first time it happened was about three weeks ago. I woke up, needed to pee, crawled out of bed, and walked over to my closed door. And when I tried it, the handle didn't move. For whatever reason, it was locked. I tried to remember if I had locked it the night before, but I came up blank.

&#x200B;

"Weird" I muttered to myself as I unlocked it and made my way to the bathroom.

&#x200B;

The next day, everything was normal, including my door. Same with the day after that, and the day that followed. By that point, I had basically forgotten it had ever happened.

&#x200B;

Then, four days later, it happened again. I woke up to find that my bedroom door was locked. I was starting to get a bit confused, especially since I basically never used the lock on my door in the first place. My first thought was that my roommate was doing it, as a joke. He wasn't a particularly funny person, but it was the best explanation I had.

&#x200B;

I confronted him later that day, asking him if he'd been locking my door overnight. His expression was one of utter confusion. "What do you mean, have I been locking your door?"

&#x200B;

"Twice now, I've woken up in the morning and found that my door is locked. I haven't been locking it, and you're the only other person here who could be" I said.

&#x200B;

"Well, I haven't touched your lock" He shrugged. "So I don't know what's going on either. Maybe you should hire a doorknob specialist or something to take a look at it?"

&#x200B;

"I don't think doorknob specialist is an actual job" I retorted.

&#x200B;

My door locked itself for the third time two days after that. At this point, I had started to assume it was some weird issue with the lock. Maybe something had gotten inside it and was screwing up the mechanism.

&#x200B;

It happened again the day after that. And the day that followed. Three days in a row.

&#x200B;

Now, this was still far from a big deal. Every time it happened, I would try the handle, realize it was locked again, unlock it, and go about my day. But it was just so random and strange that I couldn't help but wonder about it.

&#x200B;

At this point, my roommate still insisted he had no idea what was going on, and even asked me if I was trying to play a joke on him. I eventually convinced him to let us switch rooms one night. At this point, my door had been locked in the morning every day for five days in a row.

&#x200B;

I slept in his room that night, and learned two things. 1: that he has a nicer mattress than me. 2: that my door only locks itself when I'm the one sleeping in the room. My roommate woke up and reported that he'd gotten my door open with no trouble at all that morning.

&#x200B;

And yet, when I slept in my room that night, I woke up once again to a locked door.

&#x200B;

This went on for a week or two, and at this point I had just gotten used to it. Just another part of my morning routine. I kind of stopped caring about the reason at some point. My lock was just weird, and I had accepted that.

 

And then, three days ago, I woke up like normal. Got out of bed like normal. Walked over to my door like normal, tried the handle like normal, and found it locked like normal. 

&#x200B;

But this time, I tried to unlock the door and found it was stuck. The little tab I had to turn to unlock the door wouldn't budge. 

&#x200B;

I twisted it harder. It didn't give. I tried for a little longer, and was about to give up and start pounding on the door, yelling for my roommate, when the lock finally cooperated, and I got the door open. 

&#x200B;

I put it down to another issue with my weird lock, and jotted a reminder to call a locksmith down on a sticky note. I would probably just have to replace my doorknob or something. 

&#x200B;

Later that day, I was sitting in my room with the door shut, reading a book. I got a little hungry, so I got up to go grab a snack from the kitchen. But when I tried the door, it was locked. 

&#x200B;

And, even though this had been happening for weeks now, I was still surprised. It had only ever happened while I was asleep before, never during the day. It had followed a strict pattern, a pattern that was now broken. 

&#x200B;

Some part of me already seemed to know what would happen when I tried to unlock the door. Somehow it didn't surprise me when the lock refused to budge. I pushed harder on the little tab, but it still didn't go, and I stopped because I was worried I might break it. I fiddled with it for almost a full minute before giving up. 

&#x200B;

I knew my roommate was home, so I started pounding on the door and yelling his name. Sound travels really well through the house,  so he should have been able to hear me. But I yelled until I felt like I'd been swallowing glass, and I desperately pounded on the door until my fists felt like they were about to shatter, and there was no response. 

&#x200B;

I took a step back, trying not to panic and doing my best to ignore my burning throat and hands. I still had my phone with me, so I grabbed it and called my roommate. But when I hit the call button, my screen flashed red and told me it had failed to connect. I restarted it, hoping that would solve the problem. 

&#x200B;

When it had finished rebooting, I tried again, with the exact same result. So I tried calling someone else, a close friend who lived down the road. But I couldn't connect to him either. 

&#x200B;

I was starting to freak out a bit now. My phone was new, just two months old, and it had never done anything like this before. And unless my roommate had left unexpectedly, there was no reason he wouldn't have been able to hear me. And that wasn't even touching on the fact that I still had no idea what was wrong with my doorknob. 

&#x200B;

That was when I started kicking the door. Weakly at first, little toe kicks, but those gradually grew until I was ramming my entire foot into the door with so much force the walls shuddered with every hit. Yet my door didn't give at all, just stayed shut and took the beating. I didn't even chip the paint. 

&#x200B;

I was getting really freaked out at this point, and when I finally stopped attacking the door because my feet could no longer take it, I just collapsed down on my bed, giving up. 

&#x200B;

Somehow my door had totally locked itself and was now apparently indestructible. I was trapped in my bedroom. 

&#x200B;

And then it occurred to me that I didn't need the door. I could just open the windows and go out through there! I hadn't opened my thick drapes that morning, which was why I hadn't remembered them earlier. 

&#x200B;

As I walked across the room to my window I could almost feel the relief running through my body. Our house was only one story tall, and I could easily open the windows to climb out, or even break them if I couldn't get them open. 

&#x200B;

That relief vanished the moment I opened the curtains. It left my body so fast my jaw dropped, my arms went limp, and I just stared forward, trying to understand what I was seeing. 

&#x200B;

Or rather, what I wasn't seeing. 

&#x200B;

There was nothing outside my window. Just an infinite sea of empty white space. Everything was just... gone. 

&#x200B;

I stumbled back until I fell onto my bed again, still staring at the impossible emptiness. What was going on? 

&#x200B;

A thought popped into my head, and I got up and ran back to my sealed door. There's a little gap between the bottom of the door and the floor, and I knelt down and peered through it. 

&#x200B;

Normally, I would be able to see into the carpeted hallway, see the closed bathroom door across from my bedroom. But I couldn't. That little gap only showed me more of that empty white space. 

&#x200B;

I think at that point I was just so freaked out that I didn't even feel freaked out anymore. The panic was so overwhelming it was unnoticeable somehow. 

&#x200B;

I got up and grabbed a ruler from my desk, and fed it through the door gap, into the blank white space. I didn't actually know what I was trying to achieve, just wondering what would happen. I pulled the ruler back out, and my eyes widened so far they hurt. 

&#x200B;

The part of the ruler that had stuck out from under the door wasn't there anymore. It was just gone, somehow, and I was now holding onto a third of a ruler. 

&#x200B;

I think that was when I finally lost it. 

&#x200B;

There was no way this could be real. It had to be a dream, a hallucination, something. I must have been losing my mind, because this was impossible. 

&#x200B;

I don't remember what I did for the rest of that first day. I think I just sat on my bed, slapping myself and trying to understand what was happening to me. My room had somehow cut itself off from the rest of the world, becoming some self-contained entity, and I had no way out of it. 

&#x200B;

I do remember trying my phone again. I still couldn't make any phone calls or send texts. I tried a few other methods of sending messages, like discord and even standard email, but nothing would work. Not even 911. 

&#x200B;

I must have fallen asleep at some point, because I remember waking up and thinking "Thank god, it was just a dream" and then seeing my empty window and having all of my horrible reality come crashing down again. 

&#x200B;

Somehow, I felt a little more rational after I woke up. I guess my survival instincts must have kicked in, because I started taking inventory of all the stuff I had, trying to figure out how long I could last. 

&#x200B;

There's a mini fridge in my room, which is the only reason I'm still alive at this point. I don't drink alcohol, but I had it stocked with soda and some energy drinks, and a couple bottles of water. I've been very careful about managing that, because once that runs out I don't know what I'll do. 

&#x200B;

Food has been an even bigger problem. I go backpacking sometimes, and keep my pack in my closet. I went through it and found two energy bars that I didn't take out the last time I unpacked it. There's also a bag of saltwater taffy that I had stashed under my bed, because I don't really trust my roommate with sweets. The bag is pretty good sized, and I've been trying to eat as little as possible. But I think it'll only last me another two or three days. I've eaten one of the bars, and I'm saving the other for when I run out of taffy. I don't have any other kind of food. 

&#x200B;

But as if that wasn't bad enough, there's also the fact that I don't have access to a toilet. 

&#x200B;

I've been using my closet as a makeshift bathroom. I thought that if I kept the door shut, it would contain the smell at least a little bit. And I guess it did, at least at first. But as time went on, the smell just slowly crept its way into the room, and, little by little, completely overpowered it. 

&#x200B;

Now, the room smells like the chamber below an outhouse. I keep telling myself I'll get used to it eventually, but it hasn't happened yet. It's just so strong, so overpowering. It's festered itself in every corner of the room, to the point where I feel like I can taste it in the saltwater taffy. 

&#x200B;

My phone and computer are my only windows to the outside world, and a lot of their features don't even work anymore. As I've said, I can't seem to contact anyone using them, and while I can access google, I can't see any kind of news article so I don't know of anyone's looking for me or not. The only social media site that seems to work is Reddit. 

&#x200B;

My devices still tell me the time and date, so I know that it's been three days since my door locked itself permanently. I'm miserable every second, and I still don't understand why or how this happened to me. I only have a few more days before I'll run out of food or any sort of liquid. 

&#x200B;

I don't understand what happened and I don't know what I'm supposed to do. I don't want to die here, but unless I figure something out soon, I can't deny that's what will probably happen. 

&#x200B;

I'm not really sure how I'm supposed to close this. More than anything, I just want to know why. Why did this happen? Why did it have to happen to me, of all people? I've never heard of anything like this ever happening before. I desperately hope there's a way to escape it, but it feels like I've already tried everything. The windows, the door, nothing is working. But I'm still trying, so desperately, to find a way out. 

&#x200B;

And if there isn't one, I know I'll have a long, painful death to look forward to.