“Shitting a brick” is supposed to epitomize the height of fear, but that’s entirely wrong. The sensation is more akin to shitting an especially thick and slimy cephalopod tentacle that slowly snakes its way out the anus, inches along unsuspecting flesh, then tickles your ear canal with an vomitous pseudo-erotic penetration that shows it owner is still very much alive in the pit of your gut.

[That’s exactly what it felt like to hear a voice from the back seat of a stolen police cruiser](https://redd.it/m5itia) after I’d taken a bat to its former owner’s head. 

“Hello, Olivia,” the man crooned from behind me. “It wasn’t very nice to beat Otis unconscious.”

I froze.

“Ah-ah-ah, don’t tense up, little girl, you might do something you regret. Why don’t you slowly find a place to park so that you and I can have a nice chat?”

My dad used to call me a Tasmanian devil when I was little, because I could get so wound up that my thoughts and hyperactive energy would spin beyond my control. I felt that now, as my brain swirled faster and faster until I could sense nothing but a cloud of dust. 

My body seemed to move of its own accord. 

Distantly, I knew that I was driving to the top of a nearby rise in the road. Perhaps I was seeking out a pleasant view for when the end came. 

“Olivia. *Pull over,*” the man ordered aggressively. 

I knew that I would obey in short time. He didn’t appear to realize the same thing as he shuffled anxiously behind me.

I turned a corner and ascended the soft hill. The car squeaked as I pulled to the side of the road. I kept my foot pressed firmly on the brake, leaving the engine running. 

When he spoke again, the calm confidence had ebbed. “Finally,” he heaved. “Okay – the bat. It goes out the window. Now.”

How to play that gamble? It was my only weapon. But if he had a gun pointed at me, holding it would do no good. In the case he was bluffing, though, I’d be losing the only thing that had kept me safe.

“Look at this picture, Olivia.”

Every individual vertebra squirmed at a slightly different angle. I didn’t want to see his photo, but had no power to stop myself from turning around and checking. 

The man held his cell phone against the metal mesh partition that separated the front seat from the back. His screen shined brightly enough to keep his face obscured. Everything else dimmed from my sight as I took in the image.

I’d never seen my dad looking so afraid. 

“What…” my voice fizzled like air from a deflating balloon. “What are you going to do to him?”

“That’s not up to me. Throw the bat outside right now, or you’ll never outlive the guilt knowing we hurt him because of your disobedience.” 

I opened the door a crack and chucked the Louisville Slugger out, sending Li’l Doodles with it for good measure. 

“Stupid girl. You need to know something now, Olivia.”

The burning edge of a panic attack danced just in front of me, playfully hinting that it was ready to light the spark of a complete Tasmanian meltdown. 

But it stayed just beyond arm’s reach.

“I already know two things,” I answered. My voice sounded like it was coming from underwater. “The first is that you’re an asshole.”

“Olivia,” he stuttered, taken aback, “you – those are very foolish words-”

“And the second,” I pressed, “is that this appears to be a real cop car, which means the metal partition is solid, and you can’t unlock the doors from the inside of the back seat.”

“Olivia, you don’t-”

I yanked the stick into neutral as I rolled toward the ajar door, tumbling gently onto the asphalt. The car moved as soon as I released the brake; I looked up to see the back wheel barreling down on my shoulder. 

I rolled away just as the tire pinched the edge of my pink silk pajamas.

And then I breathed again. Scooping up Doodles and the Louisville Slugger, I stood and watched the police car accelerate toward the ravinåe at the bottom of the hill I’d chosen. 

It was a high-quality police car: I couldn’t even hear him scream. 

But no automobile can survive even one drop off a 91-foot cliff. Three seconds later, the tail lights disappeared into darkness. 

Movies would have us believe that every minor accident ends with a major explosion, but all I heard was the soft crumple of metal reverberating. Any doubt of the man’s survival was answered with quickly growing flames that danced on the underside of tree leaves high above.

I didn’t know what to feel, so I couldn’t process it. I slipped Doodles into my pocket and squeezed him tight. 

My mind was, in all probability, breaking in that moment. The only thing I could process was the lone, unarguable truth:

It was too much. 

I swayed. If I could balance, that would be enough. If I could balance and not vomit. It would be a challenge, but if that were possible, I could focus on saving Dad.

I vomited. 

Then I finished. I stood again.

And nothing had changed. I still had to get home to my parents. No one was going to take me there. 

So I stepped forward. 

That’s when two men tackled me from behind. There was no contest this time as the bat flew from my hand and they slammed me to the pavement. I understood nothing but pain and dizziness as I landed on my shoulder and temple. They bound my hands and feet before squeezing me so tight that I could hardly breathe.

*Now* panic decided to stroll into town, wrapping spindly fingers around my throat as each breath pushed me further from calm, *now* the adrenaline took over while I couldn’t move my limbs, *now* I felt weak as two significantly stronger men threw all of their effort into squishing my hundred-pound body while they hauled me to a car’s open trunk. 

There was no resistance. I couldn’t fight back against them any more that I could lift a house. The only thing left was to absorb pain as they tossed me into the trunk and the hood [closed over my head](https://www.reddit.com/r/ByfelsDisciple/). 


[BD](https://www.reddit.com/r/ByfelsDisciple/)



[Watch]( https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCcn_pa1QfNMRzbTuJqXSoRQ)

[Expand](https://www.reddit.com/r/TheCrypticCompendium/)I wake up to the annoying drone of a lawnmower, and I frown before I remember I’m staying over at my sister's. I hate ground floor apartments.

I dig myself out from under the heap of blankets and leave the bedroom, desperate for my caffeine fix. An abrupt sound to my left replaces the lawnmower, startling me, and I turn to it.

I freeze when I see two men standing in the living room, as stunned as I am.

They’re dressed like exterminators, complete with uniforms, cylindrical tanks, and gas masks.

My mind whirs to the beat of my racing heart.

They have to be disguised burglars who weren’t expecting anyone to be home today.

They bypassed the security system.

I have to get someplace safe.

The apartment door is all the way across the kitchen.

The only safe option is to backtrack.

Just a second into our unforeseen encounter, I turn and dash back to the bedroom, where I lock the door and grab my phone.

“911, what’s your emergency?”

“This is Zoe Park. There’s been a break-in, two men, and they’re still here.” I give the address. “It’s my sister’s apartment. She’s at work, I’m home alone and I’ve locked myself in the bedroom.”

“Alright, Zoe. You’re doing well. Officers have been sent to your location. Can you tell me what they look like?”

“They’re dressed like exterminators and are wearing gas masks.”

The doorknob rattles, and I run to the window, only to frown when I see the other “exterminator” outside. My sister chose this apartment for its robust structure, but if these guys made it past the security system, a bedroom door and window won’t be much of a challenge. I have to buy myself time.

I throw the phone on the bed and drag one of my sister’s hefty nightstands over the thick carpet until I’ve blocked the door. I then hook a scarf around the leg of the dresser and pull with all my might, sweat cascading down my face as I heave it in front of the window.

I grab the phone again, panting. “I blocked the door and window. That should give the police enough time to show up. Are they almost here?”

“You're doing well, Zoe. Can you tell me what they look like?”

“I told you, they’re dressed like exterminators and are wearing gas masks.”

“What about eyes? Hair color? Zoe, anything can help.”

“No, I couldn't catch their faces. Why does it matter? They’re still trying to get in, just come here and catch them!”

A gruff voice sounds from behind the door. “What's going on here?"

"A witness, officer," another voice replies.

"We'll handle it."

My breath freezes in my lungs, my hand pressing the phone to my ear in disbelief.

The lawnmower starts up again, louder than before, masking any further dialogue outside the room.

“The police are in on it?” I whisper, my voice taut. "Are you in on it too?"

“Zoe, close your eyes. How did your morning start today?”

“What!” I hiss, my incredulity escalating. “How’s that going to help? You're in on this, aren’t you!”

“Zoe, I’m trying to help you. Trust me. Close your eyes and imagine it's this morning. You wake up and?”

“I fucking wake up…

...to the annoying drone of a lawnmower, and I frown before I remember I’m staying over at my sister's. I hate ground floor apartments.

I dig myself out from under the heap of blankets and leave the bedroom, desperate for my caffeine fix. An abrupt sound to my left replaces the lawnmower, startling me, and I turn to it.

I freeze when I see two men standing in the living room, as stunned as I am.

They’re dressed like movers, complete with uniforms, boxes, and bandanas covering their faces.

My mind whirs to the beat of my racing heart.

They have to be disguised burglars who weren’t expecting anyone to be home today.

I take a fearful step back, and I unintentionally break the trance that'd kept us staring at each other.

“Ohh, did my sister let you in?” I blurt out before they can make a move. “You keep going! I’ll just go get changed!”

My jabbering baffles them long enough for me to make it back to the bedroom, where I lock the door and fumble for my phone.

“911, what’s your emergency?”

“There are two robbers in the living room.” I give the address, my voice shaking. “It’s my sister’s place but she’s at work. I’m home alone. Please, hurry.”

“Alright, Zoe. Remain calm. Officers have been sent to your location.”

“How do you know my name?”

“It’s in the system. Zoe, can you tell me what they look like?”

“They...they’re dressed like movers, with bandanas over their faces. They know I’m h—”

A knock petrifies me as a deep voice booms from behind the door. “Ma’am, we need you to sign a waiver.”

I blink, flabbergasted. I didn’t expect them to fall for my impromptu performance. I guess I'm a better actress than I thought, and I'm more than happy to keep up the charade if it'll keep them oblivious.

“Sure!” I chirp. “Just give me a few minutes!”

“If you can sign it now, we can continue without delay.”

“You can slide it under the door, I’ll sign it and slide it right back!”

“Ma’am, please come out so we can arrange things properly.”

“Okay, I'll be right out,” I say, hoping my nerves aren’t cropping up in my tone. “Feel free to grab a drink from the fridge while you wait!”

The doorknob rattles and my heart drops. I run to the window and peek through the blinds, my heart dropping further when I see the other “mover” standing outside.

“You're doing well, Zoe. Can you tell me what they look like?”

“I told you, they’re dressed like movers with bandanas over their faces,” I reply in a tremulous whisper.

I stifle a scream when the man throws his weight against the door.

“I’ve got the police on the phone!" I yell, my voice cracking.

Instead of them bailing, as I’d hoped, the door shudders again. To my horror, the other man begins jostling the locked window.

Fear warps my voice. "Why aren't they running away?"

“You're doing well, Zoe. Remain calm. Can you recall their facial features?”

I jump with a tight whimper as a vicious slam rocks the door, and I slide under the bed, trembling.

"Please, are the police close?"

“Remain calm, Zoe. Can you recall anything about their facial features?”

“No, I can’t! They were covered!”

The abuse on the battered wood stops, and relief fills me when I see another shadow beneath the door.

"What's going on here?" a gruff voice asks.

"A witness, officer," the "mover" replies.

"We'll handle it."

A chill spreads beneath my skin, my clammy hand pressing the phone to my ear in disbelief.

The lawnmower starts up again, louder than before, masking any further dialogue outside the room.

“The police are in on it?” Panic seizes my lungs. “The police are in on it!”

“Zoe, remain calm. Close your eyes and tell me how you started your day today.”

“What!” I yell, my voice squeaking with frantic distress as the door shudders and splinters.

“Zoe, I’m trying to help you. Trust me. Just remain calm and close your eyes. Imagine it’s this morning. You wake up and?”

“I w-wake up...

...to the annoying drone of a lawnmower, and I frown before I remember I’m staying over at my sister's. I hate ground floor apartments.

I dig myself out from under the heap of blankets and leave the bedroom, desperate for my caffeine fix. An abrupt sound to my left replaces the lawnmower, startling me, and I turn to it.

I freeze when I see two men standing in the living room, as stunned as I am.

They’re dressed like painters, complete with uniforms, respirators, and rollers dripping with the red paint that coated the walls.

My stunned mind stumbles as my heart races.

One of the men lunges at me, and I scream and run back to the bedroom, where I lock the door and grab my phone with trembling hands.

“911, what’s your emergency?”

“There are two strange men in the living room, painting it. I...I don’t know why they’re here.” My voice shakes as I give the address. “It’s my sister’s but she’s at work, I’m home alone hiding in the bedroom. Please, send someone quick!”

“Alright, Zoe. You’re doing well. Officers have been sent to your location. Remain calm. Can you tell me what they look like?”

“Did...didn’t you already ask me this? Did I tell you my name? Why do I feel—”

“What's going on here?" a gruff voice asks from behind the door.

"A witness, sir," another voice replies.

“Well, handle it."

My blood turns to ice and I scramble under the bed, whimpering as my clammy hand presses the phone to my ear.

“Please, help me,” I whisper through my tears.

“Remain calm, Zoe. You're doing well. Can you tell me what they looked like?”

“Th-they’re dressed like painters.”

The lawnmower starts up again, louder than before, masking any further dialogue outside the room.

"Zoe, do you recall anything about their faces?”

“No, th-they're wearing masks. Please, are the police almost here?” I jump with a terrified squeak as the door splinters. “Oh, God, please help me! They’re getting in!”

“Zoe, remain calm. Close your eyes. Tell me how your morning started today.”

The lawnmower groans louder as the door falls apart.

“Help me!” I plead between frantic sobs. "Oh, God, they’re almost in!”

“Zoe, remain calm. Trust me. Close your eyes. Imagine it's this morning. You wake up and?”

I curl into a ball, weeping as I screw my eyes shut. “I...I w-wake up…

...to the annoying drone of a lawnmower, and I frown before I remember I’m staying over at my sister's. I hate ground floor apartments.

I dig myself out from under the heap of blankets and...wait…

Why does the lawnmower sound like it's coming from inside the house?

Frowning in confusion, I leave the bedroom, my feet cold inside their slippers. The droning gets louder and louder, but it tapers off to silence the moment I enter the living room.

I freeze when I see two men standing in the center, as stunned as I am.

They’ve got chainsaws, their faces splattered with red.

My sister is there too.

All over the room.

I’ve barely registered the horrifying display before one of the men charges at me. A terrified wail blares from my throat as I hurl myself back in the bedroom, lock the door, and fumble for my phone with trembling hands.

“911, what’s your emergency?”

“Help, please, help,” I sob, trying to keep my quivering voice coherent. “My sister...two men killed my sister with chainsaws...please help!”

“Alright, Zoe. Remain calm. Officers have been sent to your location. Can you tell me what they look like?”

That voice.

Those phrases.

That question.

I frown in agitated despair, my breaths spasming as tears stream down my face. “What’s...what's happening? You...did we talk before?”

“Yes, Zoe.”

“Who are you?”

“I’m here to help you remember. And you’re doing very well this round. Can you tell me what the two men look like?”

“What's going on here?" a gruff voice asks from behind the door.

"A witness, sir," another voice replies.

“Well, handle it."

The chainsaws start up again, cutting through the door, and I scurry under the bed, whimpering as my clammy hand presses the phone to my ear.

“Please, help me,” I whisper through my tears. “Are the police almost here?”

“No, Zoe. They didn’t make it in time.”

“They’re not going to make it?” I squeak in panic.

“No, Zoe, they *didn’t* make it.”

“Wh-what?”

“You've already been through this seven months ago, Zoe. You’re in a coma now. We’re stimulating your last memory in hopes of identifying your attackers and your sister's killers."

My fitful breaths puff against my trembling veil of hair. "Th-this a memory?"

"Yes, Zoe. We apologize for stimulating it multiple times, but our technique is not immune to memories altered by trauma, disbelief, guilt, and grief."

I flinch as shards of wood explode across the room, the chainsaws' roars deafening.

I stifle a sob. "I s-survived this?"

"Yes, you're a fighter. And the doctors have done a wonderful job making sure you'll live a decent life once you regain consciousness and undergo therapy. Zoe, do you recall what the men who killed your sister and attacked you look like?”

I clench my jaw, determination slicing its way through my nauseating fear. “...yes...”

…

“Zoe?"

I open my eyes at the familiar, soothing voice.

“Hello. I was told you regained consciousness. I've waited two years to finally meet you in person...outside of your head. You did very well.”

\-----

[SR](https://www.reddit.com/r/SkittishReflections)First off, thanks so much for your support and concern. After the post I made [yesterday](https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/m68wx0/my_experience_using_slasher_the_social_network/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf) I really thought that I was a goner. 

I mean, how often do you get messages from an actual ghost via a social network? 

After I deleted the app Slasher I told myself that it all had to be some kind of sick prank. No way any of this was real, I said. That sounded almost too much like any protagonist would say in a horror film though, so I thought better of it and decided to check online and see if my experience was as unique as it seemed to be. 

To my surprise, I actually got a few direct messages here on Reddit from users who claimed that they had joined the Slasher app sometime back and that they too had experienced strange phenomena. 

After talking with them for a little bit, I asked permission to share their experiences here as well. I’ve removed their name to give these people anonymity even through usernames because it seems like whatever this thing is, it follows us throughout the internet. A virtual stalker. 

But every experience they gave me had little layers of a deeper underlying connection, something intangible that was still difficult for me to grasp. 

“Hey man, I don’t want to frighten you but what you told people about Slasher happened to me a few months back. It scared the living daylights out of me and I was so sure that I was going to die… that being said I guess it really was just a hoax since I’m alive and well? Anyway I just wanted to tell you that you're not alone in this, so don’t feel scared. It’s gonna be fine. There’s a lot of sickos on the web.” 

“Hello. I am hesitant to even message you about this because of the danger it puts me in. I will try my best to help if I can, but just realize that what you have done is going to have consequences. First off, the app itself is not malicious. Let me make that clear. It is merely code. Zeroes and ones. But there is something evil that is trapped within there. Certain key phrases seem to unlock it and cause it to target people. I wish I knew what. But once it is on target… it doesn’t stop. It can’t stop until it destroys everything near and dear to you.” 

“Stop using the app. Duh. Jk I know it’s not that easy. Believe me I dealt with this spirit for almost two months. It will attach itself to you until you give it some kind of sacrifice. That dude you killed with the crowd of paranormal investigators wasn’t even its original form. It uses humans as shells to move around. It needs a new shell now that you took the last one away. And it won’t stop torturing you until you do that.” 

I messaged several of them back, to try and figure out how they were able to defeat this erstwhile spirit. I figured if they were still alive it had to be a good sign. 

But their responses didn’t reassure me at all. 

“It’s not interested in killing you. It wants to spread fear. Destruction. Death. But not directly to you. Rather to your radius of friends. Any family you are close to. It’s going to take everything and everyone away from you. Unless you can find a way to give it a new vessel.” 

I needed only one solution: to find a vessel. I’m no stranger to how this typically works in a horror movie. There is usually a ritual to perform or something and it requires human sacrifice. Which means that someone else would have to suffer because I poked a dangerous supernatural bear so to speak. 

I didn’t want that at all. It felt like I was just causing an endless cycle. Maybe there wasn’t any other way though? It felt like I was becoming a part of the problem. But I wanted to live. I didn’t want to be selfish but at the same time if this was how it was going to get me off the hook, I would do anything. I feel given the circumstances that anyone would make this sort of decision. 

So, I redownloaded Slasher and started to look through my friends list. It was a dark day for me really. I couldn’t believe I was scrolling through a list of people to decide who would be victim to this monsters onslaught. I had to keep psyching myself up to even read their descriptions. 

I was hoping to find someone that was already detestable. You know the kind you see online sometimes, using hate speech and derogatory messages every chance they get. But none of that popped on my feed. 

Every person I was looking at reminded me in some way of myself. And what kind of person would I be if I really did give up, give in and let the monster win? Would I be any better than the evil I was trying to survive?

I can’t even imagine how anyone could make this sort of choice. But I finally did. I chose a name at random and messaged them to be my friend. 

Meanwhile, the spirit was taunting me in new torturous ways. 

“I know exactly what you’re doing. It won’t work. It never does. I am eternal. As long as This app exists, as long as people like you exist; I’m here always lurking in the shadows,” it messaged me. 

I tried to ignore it. In fact I was trying to convince myself that I didn’t even need to follow through with this crazy ritual. After all, the people that messaged me seemed fine after all this time. 

But once again the spirit was monitoring me, taunting me every step of the way. 

“You think I don’t know what you’re planning? Those people are only safe because I let them be. They are playthings for my fun. When I get bored with their suffering I move to another. And again and again until at last I have had my fill. But you’ve reminded me how lovely their screams taste. And I think I’m going to pay them a visit.” 

I panicked and sent screenshots to the people that had reached out to me, warning of the danger. 

Their responses didn’t reassure me, and it just spiraled down from there. 

“Jesus Christ what have you done?! thought I escaped this shit. Now you’re inviting it back to my life? Just get the vessel already.”

“I have a family. A husband and two daughters. I can’t handle this right now. I would rather take my own life than for that demon to even get close to the people I love.”

“No. God no. Please. Please this isn’t real. Make it stop. Why is this happening???”

I didn’t know what else to do. I tried to contact the authorities. They scoffed at me and called me crazy. And the evil demon was already working on the first person, I found out that they had been slaughtered in their sleep within an hour. 

They sent me grisly images of the deed when it had been finished. 

“Don’t worry. I will come play with you soon enough…” the demon messaged me. 

I saw then and there it was just going to kill destroying everything that I tried to do to stop it. It made me feel helpless. Hopeless. 

I was numb in my body and my mind. 

And a sick and dark solution came to my mind. To help others not fall prey to this trap, at least for a while. 

“Just take my body. Please. Stop this senseless violence,” I told it. 

It actually didn’t respond at first on the app, instead it said it would think it over. Just another mind game, I thought. 

But then at last the demon made a decision. 

“If I possess you than that means I can go on killing you know. Destroying everything that stands in my way, lavishing their suffering again and again,” it told me. 

“Promise to leave those people I connected with on Slasher alone. They aren’t just a social network, they are close friends. They have family.” 

“Very well. You have my word,” the demon told me. 

I took a deep breath and then asked, “What do I have to do?” 

The demon gave me a list of instructions, ones that I won’t repeat here, and then gave me half an hour to prep. 

I was very careful to match every step, and it’s nearly time now. Soon I will be gone from this world. But I don’t want you or anyone else to worry. I have a plan that will ensure the demon can’t hurt anyone else. 

I took a lot of pills, and other stuff that I shouldn’t have. Chemicals that will destroy my organs. I know it won’t take long and I’ll pass out. I have made sure that I can’t leave my apartment. 

It won’t be long now I think, I’m going to post this and hope that others learn from my mistake and be careful on all social networks. Go find real friends in real life first. 

Slasher, and other programs just like it; will not be able to save you. But maybe human connection can.[Part 1](https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/lt331s/i_used_to_deliver_pizzas_now_im_a_driver_for_the/) | [Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/lxbd62/im_a_driver_for_the_dark_convoy_a_word_to_the/) | [Part 3](https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/m29858/im_a_driver_for_the_dark_convoy_job_1_helped_me/)

Jason.

The guy who came walking down the Road to Nowhere after I called the Convoy. The guy whose first job was transporting [the girl who died for a drink of water](https://www.reddit.com/r/Odd_directions/comments/khqztc/dark_convoy/).

He met me where the Keeper murdered Brent and the other movers. Then he opened the [Dark Convoy’s website](https://www.darkconvoy.com/) on his phone and tossed it to me.

There were the Operating Values––a glaring, grim reminder of how over my head I was:

1. *Always work in twos*
2. *Don’t question the manifest*
3. *Don’t inspect the cargo*
4. *Don’t pick up hitchhikers*
5. *Ignore strange sounds and ghostly whispers*
6. *Exchange goods within five minutes*
7. *Tell ‘em you work for Maersk*
8. *Never stop for Smokey*
9. *Always carry your cyanide pill*
10. *Bite it if you’re pinched*
11. *Don’t get sentimental*
12. *Hammer down at all times*

After I finished reading the values, Jason gave me a foldable shovel and told me to clean up my mess. Held at gunpoint, I hauled the corpses of Brent, the two workers, and the Keeper’s victims to the side of the road. Then I dug a hole big enough for all of them. 

For all of us.

As I dug deeper, I waited for the nanosecond sensation of a bullet worming its way into the back of my head––the sound of a blast followed by a long, cold silence. But it never came. I kept digging. Jason stood behind me, leaning against the Demon, sucking on a technicolor lollipop.

Eventually, hitting the gravelly strata six feet down, I stopped digging. Blisters had formed on my hands, breaking just as quickly to expose the stinging flesh beneath. The raw wounds burned, reminding me of this new, hot water world I’d been born into.

I thought of Charlotte. For all I knew, the Keeper had taken her already. The thought of him unstitching her skin in his basement––turning her into a butterfly––made my stomach tighten. And I thought of Steve, who was destined to become a cloud of human remains if I fucked up anymore.

But I was tired and broken. And as I stared up at the stars, a part of me wanted to snuff out and join the infinite blackness between them.

“Just kill me,” I said. “Get it over with. But if you can find it in your heart, please look after Charlotte.”

I turned to Jason, expecting his gun to be pointed at my head. But it was down at his side. He looked at me with cold eyes, taking the lollipop out of his mouth with his free hand.

“Not yet,” he said. “For as much as you’ve chapped my ass with your fuckups, I bought you a second chance.”

He tossed the lollipop into the darkness. Then he unwrapped another one he’d pulled from his pocket and resumed partaking in his guilty pleasure.

“Believe me,” he said, “Sloan wanted me to stick a fork in you. But your work isn’t finished yet.”

*Sloan*––the woman who’d run the Dark Convoy’s test on the night I’d been initiated. When I met her, she stared indifferently as I chose between chickens and eggs, waffles and pancakes, babies and adults. Between best friends and girlfriends, both of whom I felt in my heart were in their final days, if not their final hours.

“Why’d you buy me a second chance?” I asked. “I fucked up the values, didn’t I?”

“Not as bad as Brent did,” said Jason. “For all his lecturing about the values, he forgot them. Doesn’t surprise me. He wasn’t half as slick as he thought he was. This line of work we’re in––it’ll eat you alive if you aren’t careful.”

Jason looked down at his phone and opened it, the glow of the screen illuminating his face.

“And I quote. u/dreddit312 –– ‘*Brent’s hesitation was a big surprise, should’ve shot that mover fast. Don’t inspect the cargo.’”*

They knew I’d been talking. And writing.

“NoSleep,” said Jason. “Hadn’t heard of it before we started following you.”

He studied my surprise, my shit-panted aura of incredulity, and smiled.

“You really think for all our due-diligence, we wouldn’t keep tabs on your internet habits?”

A trickle of piss went running down the inside of my sweat-covered legs. 

“Don’t worry,” he said. “Doesn’t say anything about staying silent in the Operating Values. This isn’t *Fight Club,* and I’m not Tyler Durden. And hell, far as I’m concerned, spreading the word is good publicity.” 

He looked at Brent’s body and pushed the new lollipop to the other side of his mouth.

“*Don’t inspect the cargo,”* he said. “Sounds like ol’ u/dreddit312 gets it. Maybe we should hire them.”

He swept out his hand, the one with the gun, motioning at the Road to Nowhere. 

“You need to internalize this real quick, kid: the universe doesn’t give a fuck about you. You are not special. Magic, horror, everything between––if you don’t pay attention, you’ll end up like Brent.”

I climbed up from the grave and began loading in the bodies. Brent’s was the final one. Bloody sockets––which contained the ragged remains of his gouged-out eyes––stared up at me. His skull looked like an oddly-shaped piece of clay, contorted by the Keeper’s powerful hands. His face was frozen in a forever grimace, the teeth that weren’t knocked out in his final struggle for life pointing in odd directions like broken shards of glass. 

“He was on his last job,” I said. “He was heading to an island with his mom and his brother.”

Jason chuckled.

“That’s what he said, huh?”

“He wasn’t going to?”

“Ah, dreaming doesn’t hurt anyone.”

Before we pushed Brent’s body into the grave, a question forced its way out of my mouth.

“Does anyone make it out alive?”

“I remember a handful,” said Jason. “But I’m going to let you in on a little secret, so listen up. There are two kinds of people who work for the Convoy. First, those who get used to it. The ones who follow the Values and don’t ask questions. Some of them make it out. Others keep working for the Convoy after they’re done with five jobs, like me.”

“What’s the other kind of person?”

“The kind who doesn’t get used to it. And they either get complacent and fuck up the Values like Brent here, or they question the morality of it all and the job eats them alive. It doesn’t matter if it’s the Convoy or the universe that pulls the trigger in the end. The ones who don’t get used to it have a short expiration date.”

Jason reached out and brushed some loose dirt off my shoulder.

“As much as you’ve struggled with all this so far,” he said, “I think you can be the first type. That’s why the Convoy found you. We look for people who want something more than the status quo and will do anything to get it. All those pizza delivery shifts where your mind wandered––all those nights cuddling with Charlotte or slinging shitty weed with your buddy Steve––you dreamt of a way out. That’s why we picked you. The Dark Convoy is your exit plan.”

We stood in silence for a moment, then Jason helped me lower the bodies into the grave, finishing with Brent’s. He broke the silence a minute later.

“*Don’t inspect the cargo.*”

No words about what defined Brent as a person. Nothing about his day job helping inner-city kids make sense of life’s trials and tribulations.

The graveside eulogy was nothing more than a harsh reminder of our servitude to the Convoy. 

We covered Brent’s and the others’ bodies with dirt, then turned back to the Demon. 

“Charlotte,” I said. “We have to warn her. She’s in danger.”

Jason shook his head. 

“It’s time for Job #2. Time for you to prove that this second chance is worth our time. Don’t worry about your girlfriend. We take care of our employees. I’ve got a driver and a shotgun looking after her already.”

“Can you show me?”

Jason pulled up his phone, punched in a number, and turned the screen so I could see it. Two Dark Convoy employees were eating McDonald’s, leaned against their car. I recognized Charlotte’s house positioned in the frame behind them.

“The girl’s safe, right?” asked Jason.

*“Roger that,”* said the driver. *“Bored off my ass, but she’s safe.”*

“Keep up the good work,” Jason said. Then he hung up.

I asked a question then that had been on my mind since we dropped Brent’s body into the grave.

“Why me?” I asked. “Why do I get a second chance?”

Jason’s eyes looked far away, toward his past, something I didn’t know about then.

“You remind me of someone,” he said. “So I stood up for you. And that’s all you need to know about it.”

We got into the Demon. Jason put in an address.

“Don’t worry about Charlotte,” he said. “We’ve got eyes on her. We take care of our employees. Like you’ve heard a dozen times before, all you have to do is drive.”

I followed the directions from the Demon’s femme fatale narrator, driving away from the makeshift roadside funeral. We went in the opposite direction the Keeper had gone. I thought of Charlotte, praying to myself that the Convoy employees who’d been assigned to watch her were taking the job seriously.

\*\*\*

We drove down the Road to Nowhere, our awkward lack of conversation saved by Deep Purple’s *Machine Head*. A half-hour later, we got to an exit. Taking it, driving past a gate, I found myself on another narrow forested road.

Reaching a break in the trees, the Demon’s headlights illuminated what looked like an old abandoned campground. The massive clearing had ten campsites, each one pinned to its spot by an old metal grill.

There were two vehicles waiting for us. One, a tow truck with a massive flatbed. The other, the polyhedron spaceship. The same one I followed on the night I took the Dark Convoy’s test––what I’d initially thought was a shooting star.

Two people walked down the ship’s steps: Sloan, and the man I’d seen in the Dark Convoy’s headquarters below Earl’s. His bald head glowed in the moonlight. Even from a distance, I saw his blind milky eye. It rolled around in its socket, searching for something to focus on.

“Pull up next to the truck,” said Jason.

I did. Sloan and Mr. Gray met us there. Sloan stared at me, crisp and calculating. But it was Mr. Gray’s look that terrified me. That marble-like eye––it seemed to scan my insides like my body was nothing more than a set of x-rays.

“You’ve got a good friend in Jason,” said Sloan. “I voted for execution.” 

“But we liked your decisiveness.”

It was Mr. Gray. His voice sounded like it had been run through a cheese grater one too many times. Looking at him for the longest I ever had, I saw that beyond his blind, milky eye, his face was even uglier. It looked like a discarded slab of butcher shop meat. He stuck out his hand, which, thanks to the glowing starlight, I saw was clammy. And red, too, as though recently sunburned. 

Remembering my manners, I shook it.

“Decisiveness goes a long way with the Dark Convoy,” he said. “Calling us immediately––you just might have saved our business relationship with the Keeper.”

Despite trusting Jason––that he was telling the truth about the Convoy watching over Charlotte––the Keeper had still taken her picture. I didn’t give a flying fuck about the Convoy’s business relationships. But I had no other option than to put my faith in them.

Snapping out of my thoughts, I saw Mr. Gray’s milky eye scanning me, sizing me up, documenting my secrets.

“Don’t worry about her,” he said. “She’s protected.”

“I cast my vote for a blood sacrifice,” Sloan added. “Count yourself lucky that all votes are weighted equally. My colleagues have more confidence in you than I do.”

We stood in silence for an awkward beat, then Jason broke it.

“Right,” he said. “So, the job.”

Mr. Gray nodded, then looked at me.

“We need you to retrieve an artifact.”

“An *artifact*?”

“A door,” he said. “It’s buried in the caves below this part of the forest. Ancient, occult, eldritch––all that stuff. We want to study it.”

“So all of us head down there and grab the door?”

Jason shook his head.

“Afraid not, kid. You’re going down on your lonesome.”

“What happened to working in twos?”

“I’ll be on the radio with you the whole time,” he said. “And these two”––he motioned to the other Convoy employees standing by the tow truck––“will run the winch.”

“The door better come out in one piece,” said Sloan, “or I’ll kill your bitch girlfriend myself.”

The female winch operator opened the tow truck’s back door. Then she came over with my supplies: a mask with soda can-sized oxygen tanks fastened to its left and right sides, and a headlamp. 

“You don’t want to breathe the air in those caves,” said Jason. “This will give you an hour.”

“Do not fuck up the door,” Sloan repeated.

“How do I get down there?”

Jason led the way over to a rig which was set up at the edge of a hole. The hole was six feet in diameter. Below its moonlit rim was nothing but darkness.

“We’ll lower you,” said Jason. “Then we’ll send the winch cable after you. Clip it to your harness once you’re down.”

“You’ve got about three hundred yards of slack,” said the other winch-operator. 

He looked haggard and hungover––I wouldn’t have trusted him to stock a vending machine, much less run a winch and bring out an ancient artifact undamaged. 

“Three hundred yards should be enough reach the door and lock ‘er up.”

Jason lifted a wreath of thick canvas straps fitted with cam locks and placed it around my neck.

“Once you find the door,” he said, “wrap it, hook on the winch, and get back to where we drop you in.”

“Easy as pie,” said Mr. Gray. 

Nothing had been easy. No part of me believed this job would be an exception.

“Get moving,” said Sloan. 

She began making her way back to the polyhedron spaceship with Mr. Gray. Once she was halfway up the steps, she turned back.

“A friendly reminder: when the door arrives at Earl’s, I expect it to be in one, undamaged piece.”

The door closed. Then, the ship levitated. With a whirring noise like a spinning firecracker, it whipped away into the night, a shooting star breaking free from gravity and making its way home.

“Time to go, kid.”

Jason nodded to the hole. I slipped into the harness and steeled myself for the second job.

\*\*\*

My first thought as I dropped through the hole was that the cave smelled rotten, a combination of decay and decomposition. I’d never been afraid of the dark––or heights, for that matter. But the combination of both, paired with the ungodly stench, sent tremors of dread through my suspended body. 

It felt like I was lowering into a gigantic, open mouth. The darkness seemed to go on forever. The light of my headlamp pierced it, but the beam was narrow. Outside of its three-foot diameter––and twenty yards ahead––I couldn’t see anything. 

Looking to my right as Jason lowered me, I noticed a rickety wooden structure. It was made of planks and bridges and makeshift stairways that led down to the cave's base.

When I reached the bottom, my feet squelched onto the cave’s spongy floor, slick with dripping water and subterranean slime. I unhooked my harness from the rappelling rig.

“You good?” It was Jason, calling down from above. He sounded like he was a mile away.

“Yeah,” I said. 

“Try your radio.”

I clicked it on.

*“Can you hear me?”*

“A little fuzzy,” I said, “but you’re coming through.”

My voice echoed inside my mask. Besides that lonesome sound, all I could hear was the hissing noise of my oxygen tanks as my nervous breath rushed in and out.

*“Easy on those tanks,*” said Jason, his voice crackling through the radio. *“You’ve got an hour, but a lot less if you hyperventilate and suck up the supply.”*

His warning didn’t help. I breathed even faster.

*“Winch cable coming down,”* he said. *“Eyes up.”*

I didn’t see anything at first. Then the heavy steel hook came into vision, so fast that it nearly hit the glass casing of my mask.

*“Hook it onto your harness,”* said Jason. *“And get moving. My reading says you’ve got about forty-five minutes of oxygen at this rate. Take a deep breath. Calm down. Eyes forward.”*

The darkness crawled at me from every direction, but I steadied myself and followed Jason’s instructions. I hooked the winch cable to my harness and began making my way forward. 

I realized that I was standing atop a sort of mountain. It was made of organic cave matter. Its steep slopes fell into an infinite abyss of nothingness. There was one path forward down the spine of the mountain's ridge. Coming from deep inside the cave–––at what I figured was the end of the path––I noticed a faint, rosy light.

As I made my way forward, the winch cable heavy and cumbersome, I saw things in the darkness. *Faces. Winged-creatures. Worm-like serpents twining through the cave’s walls.* The darkness seemed alive. And it slithered into my mind, trying to convince me to rip off my mask, begging me to sit down and stay awhile.

I ignored the madness and continued plodding toward the rosy light, carefully making my way down the ridge.

*“How you doing, kid?”* asked Jason.

“I want to get the fuck out of here,” I said. 

*“Don’t blame you. Not too much farther now, I reckon.”*

The rosy light had grown in intensity. When I finally reached it, I saw the door. It was the source of the strange light. But when I looked closer, I realized that it wasn’t a door at all––at least not like you’d imagine. 

It wasn’t built into a wall, only sunk into the ground. It was a gigantic stone slab, eight feet tall by four feet wide, and chiseled with seven runes. The runes glowed varying colors, but one was brighter than the others. 

It looked like an eye. A red, neon energy coursed through its crevices. 

The light coming off the eye-shaped rune was enough that it dwarfed the others. It also illuminated the massive room I’d walked into.

My sweat ran cold. I saw that I was in a sort of throne room. Sitting atop massive chairs––shaped from more of the subterranean material in the cave––were human skeletons. Each skeleton wore a crown made of branches. The crowns were decorated with what I realized was trash gathered from the abandoned campsite above.

One of the crowns was adorned with the ripped remains of a *Cool Ranch* Doritos bag. The packaging, muted with age, looked purple when mixed with the red light coming off the rune-covered door. Another crown was topped with bent spines fashioned from pieces of aluminum, the Coke and Pepsi branding worn away almost completely. And another crown was decorated more naturally, its brambles twined with the crumbled remains of flower petals.

Scanning the throne room with my headlamp, I saw that there were at least a dozen of the crown-bearing skeletons. But the light of the lamp only reached twenty yards. I made out even more human shapes deeper inside.

Jason’s voice crackled through the radio.

*“Still there, kid?”*

“What the fuck is this place?” I asked. 

*“All you need to worry about is the door,*” Jason reminded me. *“You see it?”*

“Yeah,” I said, turning to it. “It’s right here––”

In the time I’d been looking away, the red energy coursing through the eye-shaped rune had intensified. I felt drawn to it, like a moth to a flame. I had to *know* it, even though the sane part of me felt it was unknowable––a hieroglyphic language that wasn’t just ancient, but inhuman. 

I walked closer to the door. Then, unable to stop myself, I reached out and touched the rune.

The cave disappeared. Electricity ran through my body, a series of pulses, a shockwave of power channeled from another dimension. My eyes adjusted to the cosmic light, and I saw it. A valley filled with women. Old women––*witches*. Younger ones, many of them pregnant. And young girls––teenagers, children, even babies. 

All of them were looking overhead at the sky. A massive, lidless eye stared down upon them. 

The eye of a god. 

The women bowed to it––worshipping––speaking in strange tongues I couldn’t comprehend. Drawing in a sudden breath, hitting the end of my oxygen tank, I coughed.

One hundred sets of eyes turned to me in unison.

*PATRIARCHHH…*

I pulled my hand away from the door, snapping back to the cave. 

“*Kid––kid, are you there?!”*

“Jason––what the fuck is going on––”

*“What’s going on is that I’ve been calling for twenty minutes while you’re sucking up oxygen! I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but you need to move your fucking ass––now. Those tanks are sapped. You’ve got two minutes until you’re breathing in whatever’s down there.”*

I looked back at the door, which had begun to glow a furious red. I took the canvas straps from my shoulders and ran them around the door with fumbling hands, cinching down the cam locks as best I could. From the other side of the door––a side which couldn’t have existed, as the door wasn’t built into a wall––I heard the voices of the women.

They were chanting in unison.

*PATRIARCH! PATRIARCH!*

“*What the fuck’s that sound?”*

“Jason, I gotta get outta here––”

*“Hook up the cable the first! I’ll have the rig ready when you get back.”*

I cinched down the last of the straps, hooking the cable to them. 

“Okay, cable’s on––should be––”

The cable made a metal twang as it went taught, the winch from the tow truck beginning to pull it. The door wiggled in place like a loose tooth, moored into the muddy floor by its own weight.

The skeletons in the throne room began to crumble. I slipped and slid on the wet flooring as I ran toward the hole where I’d dropped through. I fell to my hands and knees, banging my mask repeatedly as the oxygen tanks sputtered and died.

And all the while, from behind me, the chanting intensified. 

*PATRIARCH! PATRIARCH! PATRIARCH! PATRIARCH!*

I looked back as the door came loose; an extracted molar that revealed a rectangular shape in the darkness. On the other side was the planet of women worshipping the god’s eye. But the women closest to the door weren’t worshipping any longer––crones, mothers, their daughters––they’d begun climbing through the open doorway, tumbling and clawing and ripping to get through.

A chorus of screams sounded as the doorway closed, severing arms and legs and body parts that had been pushing through, cutting off their owners from the cave. But dozens of the women had already made it inside.

*“MOVE YOUR FUCKING ASS, KID!”* Jason screamed.

I got to my feet as the stone doorway lurched past, pulled forward by the running winch. The cave had begun to crumble in on itself, earth shaking loose from overhead and dropping all around me. Through the holes in the forest floor, I saw the star-pocked sky.

I ran faster than I ever had, feeling the cave dwellers on my heels. I fought for oxygen––the tanks had nearly run out––and the fumes mixed with my labored breathing blurred my vision.

I reached the opening of the cave. Overhead, past the stone door––which had almost reached the top––Jason looked down. 

I fumbled in the darkness for the rappelling hook. The women had almost reached me. 

*PATRIARCH, PATRIARCH!*

Slipping, scrambling, tumbling away off the spine and into the abyssal darkness, their screams echoed from far below. 

*PATRIARCH! PATRIARCH!*

I fumbled with the hook, struggling against the tension. Jason had already begun pulling the rig upward. With one final lunge, with all the strength I had left, I hooked on. The rig ripped me away from the slime-covered base of the cave, from the grasping hands of the cave dwellers, and I shot upward through the darkness.

As I went higher, I noticed that the dwellers had begun to climb the wooden scaffolding I’d seen on my way down. But old and rickety, it shook under their collective weight. Then it crumbled amidst chants of *PATRIARCH* and screams of pain and anguish.

As I got closer to the top, the natural light of the stars and moon poured onto me. The mouth of the cave had widened when the door was pulled through.

Just before fainting, I felt Jason’s hands grab my harness.

\*\*\*

I woke up sometime later, leaning against the side of the Demon. The tow truck had just rumbled to life, belching out a cloud of diesel exhaust. As it drove away, I saw that the runic door––no longer glowing––lay flat on its bed, fastened securely with more canvas straps. 

“You did good, kid.”

Jason hunched down next to me. He handed me a lollipop.

“You could use some sugar,” he said. “Sugar and water.”

I took the lollipop. Then I took a pull from the bottle of water Jason had offered. Sucking on the lollipop, I’d never tasted anything better. The darkness of the cave––its ancient air––had made my saliva thick and stodgy.

The lollipop was cotton-candy flavored. The taste reminded me of the bright lights of a carnival.

Jason helped me to my feet. 

“I’ll drive,” he said. “You get some shut-eye. You’ve earned it.”

But I stopped him. 

“Jason, what was that place? There were women––women on the other side of the door, worshipping some creature in the sky. And they were chanting something––*Patriarch.* They said it over and over again.”

“There are some things you don’t want to know, kid. *Don’t question the manifest*––”

“Fuck the Operating Values,” I said. “You owe me the truth, at least.”

“Job #2 is finished,” he said. “It was a real shit show, but you proved yourself. And just so you know, Charlotte’s safe. I called in and checked.”

“Good,” I said. “I mean, of course that’s good. Quit dodging my question though. The job––I want to know the truth about what I saw down there.”

“Alright,” said Jason. “But don’t say I didn’t warn you.”

As we drove down the Road to Nowhere, Jason told me [the truth about the cave](https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/lc44qu/what_happens_in_the_outhouse_stays_in_the_outhouse/) and the strange civilization that lived in its depths.

\[[WCD](https://www.reddit.com/r/WestCoastDerry/)\]We have an ant infestation; my wife is pregnant, and I think the ants can tell.

&#x200B;

Alright, so a little context here. The stereotypical tale would be that ‘we had tried for a baby for years, by some miracle my wife got pregnant, and the baby came out looking all fucked up.’

Yeah… nope. That’s not us. For one thing, we’re lesbians. We’ve been married for a long time, had two beautiful babies, they grew up and moved out. We’re still young, so we decided to have another child. My wife- I’ll call her Jessie for the sake of staying anonymous- wasn’t sure about it at first, but after talking it over she decided to give birth to our third child, instead of adopting.

We don’t have many friends who would feel comfortable donating sperm, and family is out of the question- they cut ties with us when we got married.  So, the first two kids were from sperm donors we matched with. It went well, so why not a third, right?

I wish we had thought it through for a little while longer, but honestly, I don’t know if that would have changed anything.

When Jessie was 4 weeks pregnant, I started noticing the ants.  Just a few here and there, nothing to worry about- I started putting out traps though, just in case.

Within a couple months, we were infested. The ants were in our walls, crawling through the floors, into our food- but it would get worse, and soon.

One sunny morning, I was laying in bed half asleep, just opening my eyes to gaze at my beautiful wife.  She snored a little, but it was cute, and I was used to it anyway.  I didn’t mind the ants just then.  In that moment, everything was perfect.  Jessie was about 6 months pregnant at this point.I was with the love of my life, we were going to have another child, I planned our breakfast in my head.

Then I saw something move under the sheet. Jessie was laying in bed, almost perfectly still, but the sheet was moving, almost bubbling over her belly. It rippled above her, and for some reason I felt terrified.

After staring and overthinking for a few moments, I pulled the sheet off of her.

A swarm.

They were crawling all over her, one pulsating mass of ants obscuring almost her entire belly, spilling off of her onto the bed with a constant stream of reinforcements leading from a crack in the floor.

I tried to swat them off with my hands, but just wound up being bitten a lot. Grabbing the broom, I finally managed to get most of them off of her. Her belly was covered in what looked like many hundreds of bug bites.

When I shook her awake, all she said was that the ant thing seemed “odd”, but she had been having a really good dream, and was mostly just annoyed at me for waking her.

She got over that fast, and the day went on without any major event.I ditched the breakfast plan and we had toaster waffles.

But the next day, she started to complain about a pinching sensation from inside her belly. I thought maybe it was the baby kicking, but she was sure it wasn’t, and I trusted her on that. After all, she’s who carried the first two kids, she would know best. I suggested phoning the doctor, but she didn't want to. Again, I trusted her.

A few weeks later, when I got home from work, she was sitting in her favourite armchair sleeping. I left her to it- she needed her rest of course.

I puttered around in the kitchen a bit, keeping a gentle eye on her while I decided how much pasta to cook. I opened the box, no ants. I grabbed a small pot, no ants. Filled it with water, no ants. Turned on the stove, no ants. Strange, but a nice surprise.

I realized I’d gotten caught up in cooking, and glanced over to check on Jessie.

The ants were back, and there was more than last time.

I stared and stared- then leapt to action.

I swatted them, swept them, everything I could think of- I was thinning them out, but they were burying. Jessie’s bely didn’t just have bites- it had tunnels. It cracked and bled around them, stretching to let the ants in. Why wasn’t she waking up? How could she sleep through this?

Then it hit me- she wasn’t asleep. She sat still, and breathed slow, but there was no snoring. She was sitting up straight, in a state that was almost meditative. I dropped the broom and held out my hand. Holding her face in front of mine, I opened her eyes with my thumb.

Her eyes were white and glassy, like well polished moonstone nestled in her sockets. Something brown peeked at the corners.  I tried not to notice. I shook her, called out to her, but she wouldn’t respond.  As the ants climbed higher and higher, she started to hum.[Part 1](https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/m4o6mo/i_went_to_a_catholic_boarding_school_the/)  | [Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/m5d3ap/i_went_to_a_catholic_boarding_school_the_true/) | [Part 3](https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/m61eco/i_went_to_a_catholic_boarding_school_would_you/)

By seventh grade, a lot had changed; to me, the strangest one was that I was suddenly considered the cutest boy in our grade, my mother’s genes finally manifesting. Leo seemed almost relieved to step away from that position, and of course he teased me for that as much as I had teased him back in fourth grade.

Every time I went home I thought about telling my parents what I had seen, but what rational adult would believe such a far-fetched fantasy? Besides, I barely saw them, as summer camp conveniently lasted almost all the time I had away from school.

I tried to be happy and normal, but it’s hard when images of suffering beasts are forever tattooed inside your mind. And it gets worse when you know that you are nonchalantly interacting with those creatures, disguised as people, but who will be tortured again and again while you sleep.

All while you have to see them every day like nothing’s wrong. I felt like a traitor. 

But all of this I could manage. I just couldn’t stand losing my best friend, the one who has always been with me, the one I was connected not only by brotherly love but by a horrifying burden; the one who understood me like no one else could.

When I woke up, he was just gone. I asked Sister Cecilia, but she said she didn’t see him, nor she checked him in for breakfast. After a whole day with Leo absent from all classes, I did the first thing I could think of.

I grabbed Martina by the arm and begged her to stop ignoring me.

“I have nothing to say to you, Gabriel”, she practically spit the words; she was nothing like the reckless but cheerful girl who called me Gab since our detention together.

“Leo went missing, Martina.”

“Yes, I know. We are in the same class.”

“Don’t you care?”

“I don’t have the luxury of caring about things I can’t fix.”

As she started walking back to her new inseparable friend, a girl named Becca, I tried again.

“Please, Martina. Imagine if Becca went missing. I’d help you with anything.”

“Don’t compare us, Gabriel. Becca is my girlfriend, while you were fucking blind to realize the only reason why he stayed by your side was being in love with you. Go ask Sister Agostina and leave me alone.”

I don’t know what shocked me more, her coldness or learning that boys could be in love with boys and girls with girls.

\*\*\*

It took me two whole days to finally find Sister Agostina. She wasn’t my teacher that year, and the corridor with her “office” and the “dormitory” for the cryptids was always kept under surveillance.

Also, no one knew where the nuns slept, or where they spent their time when they had no chores to attend.

It was almost by chance that I saw her on the refectory, after over 60 hours of agony.

“Sister Agostina, can I speak to you?”, I almost ran over two fifth-graders on my way to her. She was putting food on her plate in quite the unusual fashion; the only prerequisite seemed to be “is not meat”.

“Yes?”, she looked at me significantly as we walked together with our trays. She took a seat in a nearby empty table, and I sat with her.

“Leo disappeared. I woke up and he was gone.”

“Didn’t Sister Cecilia tell you that his family had an urgent matter?”

“Urgent enough to take someone in the middle of the night?”

“I suppose so.”

“You’re the only person I can tell this. I know he was *taken*. I felt a cold hand grabbing my neck while I was half-asleep, and I heard Leo say ‘please take me instead’.”

She gasped so hard she spit a broccoli. A few older nuns looked at her in disapproval.

“I have some investigating to do. I’ll contact you when I have something”, she said simply, and got up.

\*\*\*

It took Sister Agostina just another day to have a few answers; she made up some announcement for our class, then passed me a note.

*Meet me behind the southern oratorium. Today 8 PM.*

And so I did.

She was already there when I arrived, not wearing her headpiece; Sister Agostina had medium-length rusty hair.

“How do you know about this place?” was a poor first question, but I was too curious; as the supposedly pretty boy I was, I had kissed a girl there once or twice.

“Come on, Gabriel, really? I was young once too, you know.”

“Sorry, it didn’t occur to me”, I replied. As a thirteen years-old, a person at least twice my age seemed like a museum relic to me.

Sister Agostina laughed at my spontaneous reaction; had we met under different circumstances, I’d love to have her as an older sister, a mentor figure.

“So, did you find something?”, I tried to collect myself.

“No, I asked you to come so we could hang out”, she replied, the first and only display of a nun having a sense of humor I ever saw. “Look, Gabriel, it happened back in my day too. A kid would disappear for a few days, family emergency, and no one said anything because, well, it’s not that strange. But when they come back, they’re just… not themselves.”

“What happened to those kids?”

“During their time missing? No idea. But after coming back, they had anger outbursts. They became violent, mentally unstable. And they were suddenly so strong, physically. They were isolated and ostracized for acting up. As far as we know… they could be still somewhere in this building after 15 years.”

“So you believe that Leo will come back as a different person?”

“I do. And I do believe that, whoever did that back then, is doing that again because they found a way to fix the irrational anger. Whatever is happening to Leonidas is to make him a soldier.”

“A soldier?”

“Dear boy, it’s time you realize that the inquisition was never over, and the holy wars were never over. The church is still fighting. Fighting actual demons. Fighting what they believe to be demons. Fighting other religions for power and dominance. And for that, they need to be in control of all the strong people they can.”

“Um… okay…”, I replied, trying to follow. I missed Martina so bad; she’d know exactly what to ask, while I didn’t even know what I wanted to know.

“But of course, there are not enough strong people, so they have to fabricate them”, a familiar voice said. So she had been worried about Leo. “Geez, Gab, you’re too dense on your own.

“That’s why I need your help, Martina!”, I replied, feeling as happy as I could while knowing that Leo was in dire straits.

“Sister Agostina, how did you persuade her to come? Thank you so much!”

Martina and Sister Agostina exchanged a look.

“Well, this girl has so much power that, with a good plan, we could abolish the cryptids’ torture. And, although it’s an unchristian value I don’t condone… she needs her revenge.”

&#x200B;

 

[PPT](https://www.reddit.com/r/PPoisoningTales/) | [TCC](https://www.reddit.com/r/TheCrypticCompendium/)I live in a small village, forgotten by the world, the nearest town to my village is 45 km away. Nothing too interesting is happening here but .. We have our stories, which only those who live here know about, people don't talk about them very often.

 However, after a day of work when the old people from the village gather at the bar and start telling all sorts of stories, there is one that everyone knows but is not talked about much, Legend of the Forester. The village is at the foot of a mountain, it is quite large, not very high but it covers a fairly large area, a few kilometers I would say, anyway the mountain is covered by dense forests, forests that the locals know very well, even I know the roads quite well because I usually hike there in the summer with my ATV or on foot.

Due to the dense forests it is very easy to get lost there, especially if it is a foggy day.
But no matter how beautiful these places are, they also have a bad thing, when the night falls over the mountain and you have the misfortune to be in the forest you can hear a song, a person humming, but it doesn't sound bad at all, the voice really sounds pleasant " but don't be fooled by this "the old people of the village would say, if you start to hear" the song of the forester "you have to leave the forest as fast as you can once you hear the song you will hear it louder and louder, most of the time it happens to be heard by men who go to steal wood from the forest who usually stay in the forest for too long, loading as much wood as possible, and they hear the song. That's when everyone gets on the tractors and leaves as quickly as possible, no one wants to know what happens if the FORESTER reaches you.

Of course all these are stories told at the bar, many of the young people do not take them seriously believing that they are just scary stories for children, so I thought, until one summer, a friend and I were preparing to go on a hike with I had prepared everything for the ATV in case I had a malfunction, I didn't want that because once we got there we were a bit isolated and it would take at least 3 hours on foot to get to the village, so we set off, curious as every time we tried all sorts of new roads that we had not yet explored, it was slowly getting dark, the sun was already setting and we had not even noticed, we planned to go a maximum kilometer and then go back, we went through the forest, it was quite cloudy at that time, because a few days before it had rained quite hard so the road was not really excellent, on the contrary I was starting to worry that we could get stuck , but I didn't say anything, we end up in an intersection, there was a giant puddle of mud all over the intersection, because the tractors used this road often

 my friend tells me that we can't get through that, and I with my attitude of trust (I don't even know what was in my head) I accelerate the ATV through the puddle, guess what, I was stuck, after a few failed maneuvers of trying to get unstuck I didn't manage to do anything, I stopped the engine to think about what to do ... .at that moment I realized how quiet it was in the forest and worse how dark it had become (in my head my mother's voice was ringing, "don't stay until sunset") then I have a shiver going through me, and it wasn't because that I did not listen to my mother, but because we were stuck in the middle of the forest at night

We were both panicked but we tried not to show that, realizing the situation we were in and how unsettling it was to feel looking through the trees hoping to see nothing, I tell my friend that I will get in the mud to push the ATV , he starts the engine, accelerates, I push and we do this for about 5 minutes (but which then felt like an eternity), he stops the engine for me to rest a bit, we tried not to  think about how serious the situation is so as not to panic, but in the next seconds our hearts started beating much, much faster, when vaguely, somewhere far between the trees, we hear a kind of voice, as if humming a song
At that moment we were looking at each other, and panic was building up in us, we were so scared that it took us a few seconds to move because we were frozen in fear, in that moment of horror an idea comes to mind,

 I come out of the mud and I catch the first more solid branch on the ground, and I put it under the wheels, my friend starts the engine and I pushed the ATV with all my force, I didn't had the same power because my legs were shaking with fear, it seemed to me that even with the engine on I could hear the hum, (my mind was terrified) but now the ATV is moving! It was coming out of the pond, I quickly get on the handlebars, I turn the ATV, and I accelerate with maximum power on the road coming out of the forest, it couldn't be better, but ... I could still hear the hum ... Over .. Over the sound of the deafening engine ... I could still hear the humming ..

I kept accelerating to the maximum, all I wanted was to be home safe and I think my friend thought the same, BUT I STILL HEARD HIM, i was constantly shivering and trying to accelerate all the way, BUT HE WAS FOLLOWING US,WHATEVER THAT THING WAS FOLLOWING US, my friend looked back with great fear, and shouted from all his lungs to hear him over the engine, that he saw something tall with deer-like horns coming from the trees, hearing this I did not let the acceleration at all, I panicked, I had never been so scared, but I could see in front, the forest was finally starting to thin, pressed on the atv- Although the ATV was already shaking because of the bad road, but that didn't matter, all that mattered was to get the hell out of the forest, and in a few moments I was in a plain, I had calmed down a bit. because I realized that I don't hear the humming so loud anymore, I still didn't slow down

I kept accelerating until I got back to the village, once I got there my friend and I agreed not to ever tell this to anyone (ironically given the fact that a I'm talking here, but you don't know me so ...)

Since then, I never stood on the mountain after sunset, and when the old people talked at the bar about the forests on the mountain I was very attentive, but I still haven't told them about my meeting with the ForesterEvery culture has its myths, its folk tales, its creatures that go bump in the night.

Most are stories to keep children in line or give subtle warnings to adults. Some are real. And some of them haunt you no matter where you go.

I come from a village that doesn’t show up on any maps, in a part of Europe most people never think about. In our village, we had many superstitious traditions. Most were relatively harmless. 

For instance, it’s bad luck not to look someone in the eyes when you toast with a drink. Never leave your purse on the floor, or return a wallet empty, unless you want your finances to take a turn for the worse.

My parents passed these on to me, of course. We followed these traditions out of habit more than belief. None of us truly thought bad things would happen for such trivial actions.

But one thing sincerely terrified our entire village is the story of the Black Goblins.

It’s said they first appeared after a war nearly 500 years ago. These goblins are small humanoid creatures, about the size of a five-year-old child, with grotesquely exaggerated facial features. Their eyes glow a bright yellow. They have small straight horns on their heads, vicious iron teeth, and long sharpened nails. On their backs are short, furry tails, like a particularly hairy dog. 

For four days, starting on Good Friday, the Black Goblins come out of the depths of the earth. They hide during the day, abhorring light in all its forms. If anyone is seen by the creatures to be outside at night during this time, one of the Goblins will jump on their back and demand to be carried to the nearest body of water. If the victim plays along, the Goblin makes them walk around until they are tired and knocks them into the water, hoping they will die. We all learn to swim very well at an early age.

If they refuse...well, we haven’t found more than scraps left over, if we find anything at all.

Our village had an unwritten but strictly-enforced rule: starting on Good Friday, nobody goes outside after sunset. Parents rush to get children home as soon as the sun gets close to the horizon. Workers are sent home early, just in case. Very few have ever remained outside on these days. Usually they were ignorant of the rules, unlucky, or just stupid. 

Sometimes...they were broken. They put on the best clothes, clean themselves up, ensure their affairs are in order, and simply walk outside, never to be seen again. There were many of those during the war.

When I was a young boy, conflict tore through our country and ripped the slim fabric of humanity that remained in a people already suffering from years of economic hardship. Many of my friends died. Others began to hate me for being “the enemy”.

We all assumed these creatures would continue to abide by the old rules during that time, but we were wrong. It’s said the chaos, pain, suffering, and brutality of war strengthened the creatures and allowed them to break from their historical shackles. They tormented the village for four long years, until the war finally ended.

My family made it out. Others didn’t. 

We ended up in a town in North America that I’d rather not specify, so that more people don’t get hurt. When we moved, we felt what would be best described as relief.

Relief that we were safe and together.

Relief that we could live in total peace.

Relief that we escaped the curse of the Black Goblins.

Only one of these was true.

Our first Good Friday in the place we now called home was when it started. We wanted to be a part of our new community, so we went where people “back home” usually gathered: the local church. It was different, but we didn’t care.

We went at 3 PM, and the priest informed us we were early. The sermon started at 5 PM and finished at dusk, with the sun beginning its daily descent into the horizon. We met plenty of nice people and I even made a few friends, but old habits die hard and my parents were itching to get home before dark. 

They mentioned why to some of the friendlier people around, but a few other people must have overheard. Some gave us strange looks on the way out. Others whispered to each other while staring at us. I couldn’t make out most of the words, but I distinctly heard someone say “some friggin’ village in Siberia or some damn place”.

I could tell the words stung my parents, but they would never show it. A quick disappointed glance shared between them said everything they were willing to say in front of me at the time.

Most people on our street, especially the ones who had an “old country” to talk about, were home and firmly indoors before dark, except Mr. Felten. He was in his 50s at the time, lived alone, and always upset about one thing or another. He lived across from us, on a modest street with cheap housing and no streetlights. Most new arrivals lived there at some point, and none of them liked Mr. Felten. The feeling was mutual. When we first got there, all of our neighbours held a barbecue to welcome us. All of them, that is, except Mr. Felten.

We all left the church around the same time, and got home within minutes of each other. I saw Mr. Felten’s car pull up in the driveway, and I saw him get out. I did not see him go inside.

Instead, he sat on his trunk and lit a cigar, staring at our house with his angry hazel eyes. He must have overheard my parents talking about the Goblins. As the sunlight gave way to darkness, the only thing clearly visible was the end of his cigar, an orange circle of embers floating in the night. His angry face hung behind it.

Two more circles appeared above. Bright. Yellow. Angry. Burning.

Whatever it was must have been on the roof behind him. Circles flattened into ovals. I blinked, and suddenly they were behind the cigar’s flame. The embers twisted and turned as they fell through the air, spraying across the ground like fireworks as the cigar bounced. 

Screaming followed. Swearing. Panic. 

I couldn’t make out much, but I could see a tangled mass stumbling around the street. Curtains drew open at some houses, spilling light outside as curiosity overtook families one at a time. The sound was unmistakable.

One voice, small and screeching but muffled. The other, angry and panicked, belonging to Mr. Felten, screaming “NO! GET OFF ME! I WON’T DO IT! THIS ISN’T REAL! WHAT IS THIS? THOSE FU-”

Then a hiss, followed by a wet, guttural scream. The sounds of ripping permeated the night sky, like fabric and paper being torn at the same time. 

More screams. More ripping. 

A few seconds later, silence. Curtains drawn. Doors locked.

We found the cigar in his driveway the next morning, but nothing else. He was declared missing immediately, presumed dead within a week, and forgotten by local media within a month. But our town remembered. 

You wouldn't hear anyone admit it openly, but they believed after that. Nobody went out after dark until Easter Monday had passed. The sermon that day was scheduled earlier than usual, and not a single soul hung around long when it was over.

I overheard my parents talking to someone back home over the phone. The war was over, and the Goblins had returned to their usual routine, but the damage was done. They had followed everyone who left the village during the war, strengthened by the living hell we created on earth. 

We thought we escaped the horrors. Little did we know that humanity itself gave them the strength to spread their terror across the globe.

My family moved here for peace. 

This Easter, we will all stay home at night.

[TSC](https://www.reddit.com/r/SkulkCorp/)