*COME HOME*

The message lit up my phone driving home from work, my wipers thrumming in the soft rain. The blue glow creating a halo around the phone on my dash.

It was from Pa of course, only he typed in all caps as if yelling at the world. No matter how many times I corrected him, he insisted this was the only way anyone would be able to read *font tinier than an ant’s asshole.*

I knew how much he hated texting so I gave him a ring. No answer. I waited five minutes and tried again. Still no answer. Strange.

My Pa hates cell phones *bout as useful as a bear with a rifle* he’d say, so he isn’t one to use it unless necessary. If he sent a message and I called back, he always picked up on the first ring.

Concerned, I took the next exit, deciding to head out to the bunker.

My folks are Preppers - someone who prepares to survive a major cataclysm they believe to be inevitable. They aren’t crazy but they sure can be odd, especially if you can’t look past the living stereotypes to the good souls underneath the peculiar.

When I was 12, they decided to build a bunker a few clicks into the old woods that sat at the back of Uncle Bob’s cabin. He was Ma’s older brother and my favourite family member. Every weekend, all through high school and a fair way into college, they would trudge with their tools into the forest and work on the bunker. It sat on a tract of land on the outskirts of a sprawling forest reserve. Sometimes Uncle Bob lent a hand and sometimes I did too.

But I hated that forest. Hated the chirps, cheeps and buzzing of invisible insects. The scampering of feet on forest floor from critters I could never catch but from the side of my eye. One critter in particular made my skin crawl. It made a raspy, grating sound like two pieces of wood slowly rubbed together deliberately. A sound I sometimes heard outside my room when I slept in the cabin. One you could only hear as twilight began to drape the trees in night.

A few months ago when the bunker was complete, my parents decided to rent out our family home and move into it, despite my protests.
 
“Pa you’ve got to be kidding!” I had said disbelievingly. “You can’t live in some hole in the ground!”

“Why, ain’t I as good as them hobbits you yap on about?”

“A bunker is not a home! Tell him Ma.” I pleaded with my mother. She shrugged and smiled.

“Home is wherever your Pa is, wherever you are, Pumpkin. We’re getting on in years and don’t need much. The bunker gives us something to work on and it’s easier to live in it than haul ass between two places."

There ain’t no difference between stubborn folk and a mountain, once a thought gets lodged in.

Which is why I had to drive to the edge of the woods, and then slog my way through wet mud in growing dark, just to check on my parents. Uncle Bob didn’t believe in phones either so calling him to go in my stead wouldn’t have done a lick of good.

The forest was unnervingly quiet in the twilight.

Reaching the bunker, I spun the wheel and yanked the hatch door open. The hole looked like a cavernous mouth in the murky earth, eager to swallow me up whole. An abyss gaped at the bottom of the ladder, no light or sound fleeing outside.

“Ma! Pa!” I called out. The inky black swallowed up my words. No reply.

I was starting to get scared, my fear of the dark battling against fear for my parents.

It was nearly impossible that there wasn’t a light source active. Even if the solar-powered batteries had run dry and the generator failed, there were candles, gas lamps and flashlights a’ plenty. Something had to be extremely wrong for them to be sitting in pitch black and to ignore me.

Silently, I thanked Pa for his prepper planning. At my refusal of a go-bag, he had bought me a keychain that had a mini-flashlight, mini-pepper spray and a compact swiss army knife. It was bulky, but over the years had been helpful in unexpected situations. The light from the torch wasn’t powerful, but it would adequately cut through the gloom to let me locate my folks.   

Turning it on, I began cautiously descending the ladder.

The bunker was T-shaped with the trunk housing the living area and kitchen, the right fork with two bedrooms and a bath, and the left the pantry, storage and power.

I swept the flashlight around the living area and kitchen but nothing seemed out of place. It all looked perfectly normal, much as I had seen it two weeks ago when I helped them with the move. “Ma! Pa! are y’all ok?” I called out anxiously. Still no answer.

Walking deeper into the bunker felt like crawling into the depths of an ancient horror. The shadows cloaked me, wrapping me in their embrace, with the only visible parts of the bunker being where the paltry light from my torch illuminated. I couldn’t see anything to my left or right, just what was directly ahead. Where the forks split into the different sections I paused, hesitant to pick a path to investigate. The feeling of being watched had been gradually slithering up my spine and the idea of walking in one direction, only to have something slink up behind me from the other, was starting to trigger my flight response.

Just as I made a choice and was about to walk towards the bedrooms, I heard it.

A sound like two pieces of wood slowly rubbing together deliberately.

Pure, numbing terror washed over me. I swung my torch in the direction of the noise but it took endless seconds for the thing in the dark to creep into the frail light. When I saw what shadows once hid, I began to scream.

My parents came towards me, or what was once my parents. A rictus grin frozen on their faces, a smile so wide it would have hurt to hold. Loving eyes now replaced with two hollow sockets, from which malice shone dully in its empty depths. Their heads were titled to the side as if they were somehow curious about what *I* was.

The worst…the worst was the sound, because I finally understood what made it.

My parents didn’t walk anymore, one foot in front of the other. Instead each leg lifted straight up from its socket, rotating slowly to come down an inch in front, the arm on same side mimicking the motion. The sound I’d heard in the forest at night, outside my room and now from my parents wasn’t that of two pieces of wood rubbing together – it was the sound of bone scraping on bone.

I stumbled, falling backwards in my fright, but recovered quickly enough to get up and run towards the open hatch door. I heard the sound increase in rhythm as the *thing* behind me picked up speed. Scrambling up the ladder, I was nearly at the top when I felt a grasping hand on my ankle. Shrieking like a banshee, I kicked back as hard as I could, my leg connecting with its face. Only instead of hitting bone, my foot began to sink into Pa’s face, like a foot squelching into soft mud.

I was now more panic than person and yanking back my leg, I twisted myself around, wrenching my leg free from its grasp. I don’t know how I manged it, but I clambered up the ladder backwards at inhuman speed, refusing to turn my back on it. Once outside, I slammed down the hatch and began to run towards my truck.
 
Suddenly the woods exploded with sound…the rasping, discordant sound of rubbing bone. It enveloped me from all sides, rapidly closing in on my direction. In a last burst of adrenaline, I sprinted to the truck, skidding to a halt. I jumped in and turned the key, thanking all the gods when the sweet rattle of my engine kicked in immediately. The joy was short lived.

My headlights ripped into the darkness, illuminating rows on rows of *things* in front of me. Hollow sockets set deep in contorted faces, titled at an angle. They shambled toward me with their strange walk, attempting to surround the truck. But as the strong glare of my headlights touched them, they rattled in pain, vaulting back and up into the comfort of the looming trees.

Putting my truck in reverse, I drove at breakneck speed to my Uncle Bob’s cabin, ignoring the niggling feeling that I had forgotten something really important.

Hammering on the door until Uncle Bob finally opened it, I stumbled in and banged it shut, slamming the plank down in front of it. 

“What in the world Pumpkin!” exclaimed Uncle Bob in astonishment.

Feeling safe for the first time that night, I sat in front of the door and began to cry, as my uncle tried to comfort me despite his confusion. It had finally dawned on me that my parents were dead. My weird, frustrating, wonderful, loving parents were dead. No, worse than dead; they were now monsters. At this thought I began to howl through my tears, unable to really comprehend the depth of what I had lost or how to process what happened. It took an age for my wracking sobs to transform into a trickle of tears. Finally, able to catch my breath and speak with a level of normality, I told Uncle Bob what had transpired.

He listened patiently while I narrated the events, holding on to his thoughts until I was done.

“I don’t rightly know what you saw or think you saw. I ain’t saying I don’t believe you, far from it. There’s a lot in these here woods that are older than folk, and a lot more that are far more dangerous. I ain’t promising your Pa and Ma are alright, but its best I go and look things over come morning. Just to be sure.

Don’t you fret now Pumpkin, what you need is sleep and plenty of it. You head on up to bed and let’s see what the light of day brings us.” 

“Should we call the cops?” I asked.

“Don’t be an eejit” he replied tersely. “What if your head was just being loony and you decided to bring down the Blue on your Pa’s bunker for no reason? You’d get a hiding so fine it would turn you back into a tot.”

I smiled weakly at that. Uncle Bob always could chase away my deepest mopes. I kissed him on his cheek and headed up the stairs to the guest room.

Which brings us to here, with me sitting in the dark, holding a shotgun. I had been all set to climb into bed when the niggling sensation at the back of my mind finally wriggled free.

Pa had installed a classic bunker hatch door, one that didn’t lock properly unless the wheel was spun. In my haste to escape I had slammed it down but hadn’t turned the wheel, so pushing from underneath would easily lift it open. The *things* inside the bunker weren’t trapped there.

So while Uncle Bob’s going around shuttering windows, locking doors and dragging furniture to create barricades, I’m typing this out. The lights died a smidge back and my phone won’t call out. Small blessing I reckon, that I’ve just enough signal to get out this call for help.

If you’re willing and aren’t afraid, we’re in an old brick cabin inside xxxxxx forest, twenty clicks past highway 118. Turn right at the broken tree stump by the creek and drive up the muddy path.

There are four hours until sunrise and the sound of bones has steadily grown louder; a dreadful cacophony slowly encircling the cabin.

The last message on my phone reads:

*COMING [HOME](https://www.reddit.com/r/CheekyPuns)*