Sleeping in my bed always used to make me itchy. It was an annoyingly predictable cycle. I would fall asleep with an odd, tickling sensation on my skin, one that would vanish when I rubbed at the spot. And when I woke up, my arms and legs would be crazy itchy, almost burning.

I once sat in the bathroom for almost thirty minutes, looking over my skin with a hand mirror, my butt slowly going numb, obsessively examining every spot. But there was nothing I could pinpoint.

My dad scoffed at my problem. He was frustratingly skeptical of just about everything, and every time I complained to him, he would shrug it off and suggest another fruitless solution I had already tried. Truth be told, I think he just hated hearing anything bad about the house. It was been in his family for generations, and he was always reticent to change anything about it.

I sometimes wondered if my bed had been in the family for generations too. It creaked if you so much as looked at it, and had all sorts of lumpy spots. And it smelled permanently musty, no matter how much air freshener I hosed it down with or how many times I washed the sheets. It rubbed off onto my skin, oozed into my pores. My friends always joked that I smelled like their grandparents’ houses.

At first I thought it might just be something weird with my skin. But then one time, my cousins came to visit. One got my bed and I was banished to the couch. At first I was upset, but that visit was the first time I could remember that my skin didn’t itch when I woke up. The morning that my cousins were leaving, I approached the one that had slept in my bed.

“Hey, did you sleep alright in my room?”

“Yeah,” she said, “I slept fine.”

“And no weird… reactions?”

She cocked her head. “Now that I think about it, I always woke up really itchy.”

“Oh?”

“Yeah…” She brushed a hand over her bare arm. “It felt like something was… tickling me just as I was falling asleep. Once, I turned on the lights, and checked the bed, but I didn’t see anything. Well, probably nothing.”

“Probably?”

“Yeah. I mean, I might have…” She trailed off, then shook her head. “No, nothing.”

So it was the bed. It was the damned bed. I begged my dad to replace it, but he always refused.  

“Why replace a perfectly good bed?” he’d ask me.

So I slathered my skin in anti-itch cream, tried not to scratch myself raw, and got on with my life.

One day though, I had had enough. When my parents weren’t home, I attempted to break the bed. I jumped up and down on it as high as I could, feeling like a giant five year old, sure that my dad would have to replace a broken bed.

But as I stopped and rested for a moment, a sharp pain shot into my foot, like a needle jamming into my leg. I cried out and fell onto the bed, clutching my foot. The spot was bleeding lightly. I must have jammed a box spring into my leg or something. I looked down at the spot I had jumped on.

It wasn’t hard to spot. There was a small splotch of blood there, and I could see the spring sticking up, a little black speck. I lightly touched the spot, wondering if I could push it back down.

Then it moved. Beneath my finger, it slid back under the surface without any pressure on my part. I thought I might have felt the skittering movement of... something, like a sea creature returning to the depths.

I scrambled back and reexamined the spot. Nothing. Just my blood now. I swallowed hard and tried to rationalize. The spring must have just… sprung back into shape, right? Yeah, that sounded realistic.

My foot had already stopped bleeding. I decided I was done with this endeavor, and left the room, unable to stop my skin from crawling.

That night the tingling was worst that before. I tossed and turned, certain I had angered the spirit of this accursed bed. And then the pain began. This was nothing like before. It was like pins were stabbing me all over my body. I flung my blanket aside and leaped up, fleeing down the stairs and waking my parents. And when my dad flipped on the lights, demanding to know what was happening, I saw it.

My skin was covered in strange, black smears, and painful bumps. I tried to talk, but all I could do was cry, my skin burned so bad. Even my father could not think of a good way to explain this. I ended up in the shower for ages, trying to cool my angry skin with icy water.

The one good thing to come out of this incident was that I was finally getting a new mattress. My parents took me to buy one the very next morning. I was elated. It was dead simple, my dad picked one out, we strapped it to the roof of the car, and drove home.

I helped haul it up to my room, squeezing it through the narrow door. I glared down the horrible old mattress that had tormented me for so long and scratched idly at the bumps still on my skin.

“Alright,” my dad said, clapping his hands together, “Let’s get moving!” We heaved the mattress out of the bed frame and it hit the ground upside down with a thump. I could see that the bottom had a sheet of gauze covering it, the staples holding it in place rusted almost to nothingness.

To this day, I have no idea what possessed me to do this. Maybe, looking down at the bed, seemingly defeated, I wanted to see what had allowed it to torment me for so long. Maybe it was a childish instinct to harm it in some way. But I reached down and tugged at the gauze.

It came away easily. And at first, I did not quite understand what my eyes were seeing. The inside was coated in a fuzzy black and white substance. Mold, I thought, of course it was mold. But then the mass moved and I realized in horror what it really was.

Spiders. Hundreds and hundreds of huge pitch black spiders and their fuzzy white egg sacs. They began to swarm out of the old mattress like flies deserting a rotting corpse.

I screamed and leaped onto the side table. But it was no use. They crawled onto my bare legs, biting and biting, and I desperately tried to shake them off.

My dad tried to stomp on them, but there were just too many. They coated the floor almost as thick as carpet. Finally, he sprang across the room and hefted me over his shoulder. He stampeded down the stairs, ran out the back, and leapt into the pool, mercifully ending their attack.

As we surfaced, I could see them floating on the surface of the water, either curled up and twitching in their death spasms, or skittering away on the surface to elsewhere.

We called an exterminator, insisting they had to come that day. The whole house was fumigated while we stayed in a hotel and I tried not to twitch in my bed, desperately trying to reassure myself that I was just imagining tiny legs tickling my skin.

Before the exterminators left for good, I asked if they had ever seen anything like this before.

“Once,” one said, scratching at his salt and pepper stubble. “Not as bad as this, but I’ve seen it.”

“Really?”

“Yeah. Another old box spring.” He chuckled. “Makes you wonder what’s really under people’s beds.”

Makes you wonder indeed.