This post will probably get deleted, I just hope that someone sees this before that happens

I often check r/help to see if I could help out newcomers on Reddit. Most questions are obvious, and easy so solve, maybe a question about community creation, moderation, pms, awards, and other things like that. Yesterday night, I was browsing the subreddit, trying to get some rest. That’s when I saw the post it was simply titled “help” so, I clicked on it, expecting a regular question. 

“The Reddit Logo is white, the background is black, and all the posts say “null” instead of any actual context. is this a glitch?” 

I stopped. What the hell? I tried to think of a reason why, maybe it was a troll, or they had some weird virus. Since it was late, I ended up saving and screenshooting the post, thinking I could just answer tomorrow, or get an explanation by then.

Boy, was I wrong.

I returned to Reddit around 5:00, to find the post had been removed. I tried looking through r/help, r/softwaregore , and r/oddlyterrifying, I found nothing. Out of choices, I posted to r/ask , including the screenshot I took: 

“Did anyone else see this weird post on r/help ? It caught my eye, and I was wondering if the person was just glitching?”

I began to eat my breakfast, but then I got a notification:

“Your post has been removed for violating rule 13 of r/ask. The following is a note from the moderator: 

‘We removed your post due to karma whoring, please do not post low-effort, fake posts for karma.’

Your post is no longer visible on r/ask . Please contact the moderators if you think this is a mistake.”

I spat out my cereal. Frantically, I checked my post. The image had changed, it looked like the post I had screenshot, but each word was replaced with “stop”. I didn’t understand, so I messaged the moderator:

“Hi there! I believe my post was removed when I did not violate any rules, can you please provide some detail as to why my post was removed? Thank-you! :)”

Not even 5 seconds later, I got a response:

‘Hello! We removed your post due to it not being a question, the post only consisted of spam, if you would like to adjust your post and request it be returned, please click here: 
[Redacted Link]”


I checked my post again. The title I had written was now replaced with “stop”. In a panic, I clicked the link. 

What I saw made me almost faint.
There was.....  my house, a picture of it. The second picture played, the photographer was closer. Then the third, fourth, fifth.... until it got to the front door. By this time, I had grabbed a knife from my kitchen and dashed off to my room. On the thirteenth picture, the photo was of my door. 

The doorbell rang.

Fuck, fuck, FUCK.
 
The doorbell rang again.

Then again.

And Again.

It is now 8am, the doorbell is still ringing. Every 10 minutes or so, it stops, only to resume after just a few seconds. 

The doorbell just stopped ringing.

I’m running downstairs to see if they are gone.

The door is open.

There are footsteps leading to the kitchen.