I had known Marissa forever. We were inseparable ever since we were children, and living right next door to each other made it so that we could see each other all the time.

Then, as we grew older, our friendship grew into something more. We fell in love. But it was a small town, and two girls falling in love wasn't something people would look kindly on.

That's when we started going to the woods.

The woods were small--just a few dozen trees, clustered together behind our little town. You could walk into them and be out the other side in less than half an hour. For some reason though, nobody ever went in.

There was no rule about it--nobody has ever told me not to play in the woods; and yet, nobody I knew had ever gone there. When I asked them why, they kind of just shrugged, telling me they simply didn't see a reason to.

Nobody was afraid of the woods, from what I could tell. But nobody ever went in either.

So it was perfect for my dates with Marissa. We had privacy, and the woods were gorgeous. We would meet next to a specific tree (we called it the knuckle tree, since the bark was kinda bent in the shape of a fist), every day after school--we would kiss, we would talk and laugh...it was our own little sanctuary.

Until Marissa disappeared, when we were 16. I had gone to the woods after school, like always...but Marissa never showed up. She didn't call, she didn't text...nothing.

So I called her--only to find her phone ringing on the forest floor, maybe 15 feet away. I knew immediately that something was wrong. I waited an hour, then two. Marissa never showed.

I scoured every inch of those woods. I swear, I looked everywhere. I knew those woods like the back of my hand by now--if she had been there I would have seen her. I know it.

She had...left her phone behind. Maybe she had just lost it and was looking for it somewhere else, I reasoned. So I went to her house, knocking on the door and saying I had found her phone. But of course, Marissa wasn't home.

The next morning, she was reported missing. I told the police we hung out in the woods every day; that her phone had been found there--so that's where they started looking.

But they didn't find her. Obviously they didn't. Like I said--if she was there, I would have found her last night.

There was a highway behind the woods, and we figured maybe she had wandered out there. So a search party went looking, driving around in search of her. Of course, they didn't find jack shit.

I was inconsolable. I still went to the woods every day, crying, hoping she would come back, that she would somehow be there. Of course, she wasn't.

After 2 weeks, the search attempts just sputtered out. Nobody said it, but I knew they figured she was long gone by now. One theory was that some crazy person had come from the highway and kidnapped her, and she was whisked away. They called the police offices of nearby towns, but that also yielded nothing. Marissa had just...vanished.

Except...there had been no sign of a struggle, anywhere. Local police had confirmed that. And her phone hadn't been found near the highway--it was lying next to the knuckle tree, where we always met up.

So then another theory surfaced: Marissa had run away. But nothing was missing from her room--if she had run, she hadn't taken anything with her. And I refused to believe that she had left without saying so much as goodbye. She wouldn't do that. She wouldn't leave her parents, her baby sister, her friends...she wouldn't disappear like that. She wouldn't leave me. Her "best friend," the whole town thought. Of course, nobody knew we were dating.

I had lost the only person in this town who understood me. The only person I had ever loved. At 16, it felt like the end of the world. And for me, it was. I couldn't do anything anymore. There didn't seem to be a point. I just hung out in the forest, by the knuckle tree, sobbing.

I knew my parents were worried about me...but strangely, they never came into the forest to get me. They always drove to the library or the school if I needed to be picked up--but they never came near the forest.

And then--one month later, exactly 4 weeks and 4 days after she vanished (yes, I was keeping count), she was back.

I remember going to the forest after a day of zoning out at school--walking up to the knuckle tree and flopping down at its base, crying softly.

I raised my head at some point, looking up--and there she was, her back to me, wearing a gorgeous blue dress.

At first I was sure I was hallucinating. I had to be. But still--I called out to her tentatively through my sobs, hoping against hope that she was really there.

"M...Marissa? Is-is that y-you?"

She spun around, wide eyed, her face a mask of terror. As soon as we locked eyes, however, relief poured into her expression and she sprinted towards me, enveloping me in a tight hug.

"Lexy, oh my god, oh my god..." she was crying. She kissed me fiercely, and I kissed her back, still not sure if I was dreaming.

"Everyone's been so worried," I told her. "Everyone thought you were dead!"

"I..." her voice trailed off, and I saw fear flicker across her face again, her eyes shining with tears.

"Look, it's okay, it's okay, let's just...let's just get you home, yeah?" I tried to sound soft and encouraging--I knew I wasn't doing a good job, but my voice definitely helped calm her down.

The next couple weeks were a blur of questioning, of the police (and the rest of the town) desperately trying to figure out what the hell had happened to her.

She was in perfect health, not a scratch on her. She had clearly been eating fine, and the dress she was wearing when I saw her wasn't one I had ever seen before.

She didn't answer anybody's questions, about anything. She said she couldn't remember--I knew she was lying. I could always tell when she was lying.

She told me she didn't want to go into the woods anymore, that we should just hang out at her house or in her room. It felt awkward, kissing her while her parents were downstairs--but hey, we were quiet and they didn't suspect a thing.

After about a week and a half, the questioning had basically stopped. Everyone in our little town had come around and asked her how she was, if she remembered anything...and everyone knew by now that she didn't remember shit. Or so she claimed, anyway.

I wasn't going to call her on it, though. I could see the fear on her face whenever someone asked where she went. I didn't want her to look at me like that, like I was asking her something she couldn't answer.

So we held each other, did homework together, kissed in the moonlight like we always had--but she was different now. She was jumpy, always looking over her shoulder. I often found her lost in thought, staring out the window with terror in her eyes--staring at the forest.

Eventually, I couldn't bear it. I knew she was suffering, struggling with something, and I had tried to give her as much time as she needed but now I felt like I had to at least try and help.

I asked one night while we were curled up together in her bed (having a "sleepover," we told our clueless parents), holding each other.

I wasn't sure how to approach the topic delicately, so I just jumped into it.

"Baby...what happened to you when you were missing? Where did you go?"

Her reaction was immediate. She tensed, her breath coming in quick, shallow gasps. She didn't answer. Instead, she began shaking. I couldn't see her too well in the dark, but I could tell she was crying.

Immediately, I regretted asking. "Hey, sorry, uh--you don't need to talk about it. I didn't mean t-"

"No," she interrupted me. I could tell from her voice that she was *definitely* crying. "It's okay. I need...I need to tell someone. But--even *you* won't believe me, Lexy."

She didn't sound pleading or desperate when she said I wouldn't believe her. She didn't say it as though she wanted reassurance--she said it like it was a fact, written in stone.

"Baby, I know you'd never lie to me. I promise, I'll believe you. Whatever you say, I'll believe you. You could tell me you were abducted by aliens or taken by a boogieman and I would believe you, I just...I just want to know. I want to help you." My voice was cracking, and I knew I was about to cry too.

"I...I never left the woods, Lexy."

I froze, confused. "What? That's...that's impossible! I looked everywhere, the police looked everywhere, I know y-"

"I told you," she interrupted, sobbing, "you wouldn't believe me."

"No, no...baby I believe you. I do. I just...I'm a little confused, is all." And it was true. What she was saying--I knew she wasn't lying. I knew she wasn't crazy. She sounded as serious as I had ever heard, and she sounded terrified.

But how? How was it possible?

"I was waiting for you that day," she continued. "Next to the knuckle tree. I saw you coming, and I was going to wave to you...but then, he...he took me."

My eyes narrowed. Someone took her? Someone had hurt her? If someone had even so much as touched Marissa, there would be hell to pay.

"Who?" I asked her. "Who took you?"

She shook her head, still sobbing. "It...he...he wasn't a person."

That caught me off guard. "He...what?" It wasn't that I didn't believe her--I did. I believed in the supernatural, more or less; but I never thought anything dangerous would happen in our tiny town. And definitely not to Marissa.

"He looked like a person," Marissa was sobbing again. "He talked like a person, but he...he wasn't. He just seemed all *wrong*. He walked like one of those puppets on strings, like he wasn't really...I...I don't know, Lexy, I know this all sounds crazy but you have to believe me!"

"I believe you," I replied evenly. And I did. "Where...where did he take you?"

"That's the thing--he didn't take me anywhere. He just grabbed me and held me next to the knuckle tree, pressing me against him--Lexy I swear to god, he didn't have a heartbeat. He didn't breathe. He was all cold. I swear, he wasn't alive." She was speaking faster now, the words rushing out of her as though a dam had burst.

"And then you showed up and I screamed but you couldn't hear me and I could hear him laughing and he just held me in place I saw you find my phone and I swear he laughed right in my ears and shook me around with his weird puppet arms and his laugh sounded like skittering cockroaches, and I kept screaming but you couldn't hear me a-" she began sobbing again, taking deep, shuddering breaths. Finally, she continued:

"I eventually kicked backwards and heard something snap, I think it was his leg; I broke out of his grip and started running, and...and then I heard you calling to me, so I turned around and...it wasn't you, Lexy, it was *him*, and he was using your voice, telling me all these horrible things that he would do to you if I didn't come back...He just stood in front of the knuckle tree, he didn't follow me...just stared at me with his milky white eyes, grinning and showing way too many teeth and talking in your voice..."

She took another deep breath before continuing her word torrent: "I wanted to run Lexy but I couldn't, my legs didn't work, and he was laughing at me, and using your voice, and then I was just pulled towards him. My legs didn't move, I swear to god, I just slid across the ground, I don't...I...I couldn't fight him. He held me there, Lexy. I thought he would kill me but no, he just held me and...he touched me, and he told me I was going to be his until I died--when the police came he just laughed, and they couldn't hear me scream...I swear to god Lexy I thought I would be this perverted fuck's plaything until he killed me."

I stared at her, too shocked to even speak.

"You came every day, Lexy, I could see you; he always made sure I could see you while he...while he touched me. He hurt me, Lexy, every day--but it never left any marks on my body. I think he just liked to watch me scream. He was always next to me, I could barely walk five feet from the knuckle tree or he would grab me and...hurt me." She was sobbing violently now, her whole body shaking. "He pulled clothes out of nowhere and forced me to dress up for him, he put me in sick costumes and made me do...disgusting things to him...Always made sure I could see you sitting there, made sure I could never reach you. Oh god Lexy, it was...I can't..." her voice trailed off as she continued sobbing, leaning into my chest. I wrapped my arms around her, hugging her close to me, trying to process what I was being told. 

"He used your voice all the time, Lexy--he knew that was what hurt me the most, he said he watched us by the tree every day...I don't know why he let me go, Lexy. I don't have a fucking clue--he just vanished. I heard your voice behind me and I thought it was him--but you...it was you. And...you could see me. You...you were there, really there. But I know he's still there at that tree, he told me it's his home; and I think...I think if he let me go, it's because he wants to take someone else."

She stopped talking--she had stopped crying too. Talking about it seemed to have taken a lot out of her, but she seemed happier now for sure. Relieved. Relieved that I believed her.

"I'll find him," I said quietly. I could hear my own voice deepen, the way it did when I was angry.

"Lexy please, you can't go there. You...he's not human. He'll take you, I...I can't let him take you." She was crying again, holding me tight.

"He hurt you," I told her simply. "He hurt you and tortured you and touched you. And for that, he has to pay, human or not."

She knew she couldn't talk me out of this, out of going back to the tree. I had always taken care of her. Always protected her. When a boy in elementary school put glue in her hair, I knocked out two of his teeth. When a guy got too handsy with her after she told him to stop at a party last year, I had pulled him off of her, then taken him out back behind the house and broken his arm; i had torn his rotator cuff in three places so he wouldn't touch anyone that way for a long, long time.

Marissa was everything to me. When a group of girls in middle school had taken her behind the bleachers and forced her to eat the gum stuck to the bottom of the seats, I had just about lost my shit. I remember finding her there, sobbing and puking with the three girls laughing at her. She saw me and her eyes widened, I remember. "Lexy, it's three against one--Lexy don't!" I was almost reconsidering, that time...but then one of the girls kicked her in the head, sending her sprawling backwards under the bleachers and then looked back at me, laughing.

I had seen red that time, I remember. I vaguely remembered my martial arts teachers telling me it's all about self defense...but hey, the best defense is a good offense, right? All three of those girls went down--and two of them were still in wheelchairs now, five years later. I admit I had lost control a little, but I still think they deserved it.

Anyway the point is--Marissa was right to be worried, because I was most definitely about to do something really stupid. But I was angry. I wouldn't listen. She knew better than to talk me out of it...and she knew I wasn't like her. I wasn't like anyone in that town. I had a secret that only Marissa knew (and my parents, I guess), and I think she hoped it would protect me. I mean--it always had so far.

So, the next day when I set out with a can of pepper spray and a switchblade, Marissa just sobbed and hugged me. "Lexy--please come back," she told me. "Don't you *dare* die on me."

I gave her a crooked smile, twirling the knife. "Well I haven't died yet, have I?" She just shook her head at me, her beautiful eyes pleading with me to be safe.

I took off running down the street, past the school, all the way to the outskirts of our little town. The woods were only about a half mile out--but that was enough distance for me to feel confident that I was alone.

With a sigh, I let my mental restraints loosen. I took a deep breath, looking up at the blue, cloudless September sky. I felt my senses sharpen, and I looked out towards the forest, a half mile away. That's where he lived, huh? The bastard who had hurt her. Who had violated the woman I loved. With murderous intent, I started running.

I felt the muscles in my legs and my back tear--felt the bones in my shins and ankles crack from the force as I hurtled forwards, only to knit themselves back together an instant later.

In less than a minute, I was at the edge of the forest, half a mile away, walking towards the knuckle tree.

I could see the knuckle tree--it looked normal. I didn't sense anything. Undeterred, I walked up to it. "I know what you did," I said to the branches. I probably looked like an idiot, talking to a tree.

No response. I told him to show himself...nothing. *Fine,* I thought. *If he won't show himself to me, then I'll rip his home apart.* I raised a leg and kicked the tree, hard enough to feel the bones in my shin shatter.

I gritted my teeth, trying not to scream in pain. In a second, my leg was back to normal, the bone fragments reassembling themselves. I looked at the tree; the trunk had a hole in it now, about the shape of my foot. I smiled grimly. 

"Show yourself, or I will level this entire forest!" It was a bluff, of course. I liked the forest. But this tree--I was willing to destroy this tree.

Bluff or not, that got his attention. I heard a cold, clicking sound behind me, like cockroaches skittering across marble. I froze, turning slowly.

Nothing. There was nobody behind me. I swore, kicking at the tree again. This time, the trunk split in two; the tree fell onto its side, leaving only a stump behind.

"Not very polite of you," I heard from behind me. I spun around--and I saw him. Marissa was right...he really did look all wrong. At first glance, he looked normal-ish. He wore a green suit, green dress pants, and shiny green dress shoes. But then it got weird. His skin was a sickly gray color, like a rotting corpse. The way he stood...it was all fucked up. He stood with his arms outstretched, but bending at the elbows--like a scarecrow. His feet, I noticed, didn't quite touch the ground.

He really did look like some kind of weird, pervy marionette. His eyes were a pale, milky white--he didn't seem to have a nose, which made his eyes the only prominent feature of his face. Except his smile. It went literally from ear to ear, revealing rows of serrated, shark-like teeth.

I didn't move--for some reason I didn't feel like it. Like I was exhausted, like the most energizing and refreshing thing for me to do would be just to stand there...

"You come to my home, you tear down my tree," he floated towards me, his sick grin widening. "Not a great first impression, is it? Now, I wonder how you could make it up to me...Lexy, isn't it?"

At the mention of my name, I snapped out of the trance. "Don't fucking call me that," I snarled as I leapt a few feet backwards. Only Marissa called me Lexy--she was the only one who was allowed to. And hearing it from this sick *thing* was disturbing in a way I cannot quite describe. 

"Oh?" He cocked his head to the side--except it kept moving until his entire head was literally upside down above his torso. With his upside-down eyes glaring sightlessly at me, he grinned again. His mouth was stretching the other way now, so that even upside down I could see it was smiling. "Isn't that your name? Your dear *Marissa* certainly called it many times." His upside-down grin widened.

"You--you touched her," I growled. "You *hurt* her." I pulled my switchblade out of my pocket and flicked it open, the blade glinting in the sunlight.

The creature laughed, his head spinning so it was right side up again. "You're going to avenge her with *that?*" his weird, marionette looking arms clutched at his sides as he continued laughing. "You're a pretty little thing, but not very bright, are you?" His voice was dripping with condescension.

I said nothing. I didn't trust myself to speak. I was terrified and quite possibly way out of my depth. He clearly knew that, since he simply continued laughing. His grin kept widening, and frankly it was becoming downright unnerving.

*Think,* I told myself. There had to be a way to hurt him.

"Come here, sweetheart," he said in his sick, gurgling voice. "Come here and show me some skin." He giggled, a high-pitched wheezing sound that made me want to puke. I could see the lust in his milky white eyes, in his predatory grin. I didn't move. His grin shrank. "I said, *come here!*" His voice had dropped--it was suddenly disturbingly deep. Demonic.

I felt a pulling sensation, as though the entire front of my body had been slathered in superglue and stuck to something; as though something was pulling me by my skin.

I still didn't move. I fought the sensation, standing as still as I could. I heard a sickening tearing sound, grimacing as I realized it was my own skin, tearing off the front of my body in disgusting, bloody slabs that flew towards the monster.

As soon as the skin had torn, though, new skin grew under it. I saw the creature's eyes widen a bit, as though it was surprised. "Neat trick," he snarled. "You're not like her, are you? I saw it when you kicked my tree, too. You're..." he licked his lips, searching for the right word, "*Exotic.*"

The word, along with way he said it, made me shiver with revulsion.

"The strong ones are *so* much more satisfying to break," he continued. He sounded giddy--almost gleeful. It was sickening. "Your pretty little Marissa struggled for *days,* you know....made it so much sweeter when I finally broke her in." His grin widened, and he giggled--a high pitched wheezing sound that made me want to vomit. And then I heard Marissa's voice, coming out of his mouth...heard her screaming, heard her sobbing, heard her begging for it to stop...

I felt my expression darken, my eyes narrowing. I was more angry now than afraid--I forced myself to remember why I was here. Marissa. He had hurt her. Violated her. Scarred her in ways that she could never heal from. I felt the blood pumping in my veins, felt all my muscles tense.

"Hurting her was the dumbest thing you've ever done," I growled. My voice had deepened now--I didn't sound like a 16-year-old girl at all anymore. I felt my mental restraints fall apart completely...I was letting myself truly let go. I saw something flicker across the creature's face. Was that...*fear*? It was gone an instant later, as the thing's grin returned. "*I will tear your essence from your vessel,*" I snarled. Before waiting for a reply, I leapt into the air.

I felt the muscles in my legs stretch and tear, felt the bones in my shins, ankles, and thighs crack.

I was eight or nine feet in the air, I figured. My switchblade was still open in my hand. I tossed it downwards with a flick of my wrist; as the thing's face tilted upwards towards me, my switchblade hit him between the eyes and buried itself up to the hilt. *Nice shot*, I complimented myself.

Before he could even let out a gurgle of surprise, I landed on top of him, slamming my heel into the hilt of my switchblade and pushing it the rest of the way through his head.

I landed on my feet. He didn't. He fell on his back, gurgling in surprise. "Your weapon..."

"Yeah," I replied coldly, picking my blade up from beside his head. It was pure iron, and I had coated it in salt this morning. I wiped some of the blood off on the grass--it didn't really help. Much to my annoyance, he rose back to his feet, a large hole in his forehead oozing greenish-black blood.

Fucking demons, am I right?

"Clever, clever girl," hissed the green-clad demon. "Pretty *and* smart, hmm? Do you know who I am?" He giggled again.

"No," I responded evenly. "And I don't give a shit. You hurt the woman I love, in the most twisted ways. No matter who you are--I will watch you burn. You could be the devil himself, and I would still walk into the bowels of hell to see you engulfed in holy fire."

"Big words, girl--big words indeed. But I think you're just as unholy as I am, aren't you? It's why you didn't bring any holy water with you, why you're not wearing any crosses. Isn't it? Because you're a naughty, nasty little girl, aren't you? You're just a-"

"I'm human," I cut him off. "Well...more or less," I added sheepishly.

"I think less," was his reply. Then he lunged at me, and I felt that pulling sensation again, tugging me towards his disgusting body. I sidestepped, feeling some of my skin peel off as I did so.

In an instant, I was behind him. I plunged my hand into his back, feeling for a heart. I tried to ignore the feeling of my fingers splintering and my wrist breaking from the force of the strike--but goddamn, it fucking hurt. To hit someone hard enough to drive your fist *into* their body requires quite a lot of force--honestly I hadn't been sure I could do it. If I was still holding back, I probably couldn't have.

It seemed Marissa was right; he had no heart. I felt his blood sizzle where it touched me, burning straight through the skin, muscle, and bone. He giggled, his head spinning 180 degrees to face me. "You're a bad, *bad* girl, aren't you?" His grin widened. "Inside of me without even buying me dinner first, how *scandalous*!"

He began laughing again, that weird clicking sound like roaches crawling.

I was past giving a shit what he was saying or doing by now--I was angry. I was so, *so* angry.

I headbutted him, hard. I felt my skull crack a little--felt the blood from his forehead drip into my eyes, sizzling right through them and blinding me for a second until they reformed.

I kicked him, sending him sprawling backwards, yanking my hand out of his torso. My arm was just a bloody stump because of his acidic blood--but my hand reformed in a matter of seconds.

"You can't kill me," I growled, advancing towards him as he rose to his feet again.

"It seems you can't kill me either, girl--now come at me again, honey, don't be a tease!"

I glared at him. I didn't want it to come to this, but I realized now that there was no way to kill him without it.

Marissa didn't want me to have it. She was begging me not to take it, telling me that if it came down to this then I was better off leaving it alone.

No--I wasn't leaving it alone. No way in hell was I leaving this alone. I was doing this. I was ending this demon.

I pulled the pepper spray out of my pocket in an instant--the thing just laughed. "You're going to use fucking *pepper spray*? Oh sweetie, you really *are* as dumb as you look, you dumb c-"

I pulled the spray trigger. A fine, watery mist shot out of the little cylinder, and the green demon screamed. I watched as its skin seemed to melt off of its rotting, blackened skeleton, feeling a grim satisfaction at hearing its gurgled cries.

"Fuck around and find out, asshole," I spat.

And then I was running, running as fast as I could--but I had been too close to it. I felt a horrible, burning sensation in my gut, and I knew I hadn't been careful enough. *Fuck,* I thought. Marissa would never forgive me if I died like this.

In five minutes flat, I was on her doorstep, hammering furiously at the door. Thankfully, Marissa opened the door--I don't think her parents would appreciate me in this state.

Marissa took one look at me before ushering me upstairs. "You used it, didn't you." It wasn't a question.

I nodded, unable to speak. The burning was spreading to my throat now--my body couldn't heal from this.

"God dammit, Lexy...god fucking dammit."

*Excellent choice of words,* I thought.

"Did you literally just stand there and spray him with it? Jesus fucking Christ."

*Very poor choice of words,* I thought.

I felt my senses dulling, felt my muscles relaxing. I felt--calm, almost. My mental restraints were refastening. Marissa always had that effect on me. Sometimes, I almost thought that she was the only reason I was in control at all.

Marissa came back with glass, filled to the brim with a dark crimson liquid. I looked at her questioningly, and she nodded impatiently. "It's blood, Lexy. Take it."

I shook my head furiously. *I won't do it,* I told myself stubbornly. *I might die, but I'm not a drinker. Not like them.*

"Baby, *please!*" Marissa was holding the glass up to my lips. I moved my head away. My vision was starting to feel fuzzy from the burning pain, which had spread to my arms and legs...all that was left now was the head. After that--I wouldn't be able to heal at all. I would fall apart, quite literally, in Marissa's arms.

Suddenly, I realized that she was holding the glass above my mouth, literally pouring the blood down my throat. Her face was fierce. Determined. I knew better than to argue with her in this state--not that I had the strength to, anyway.

The burning lessened slightly, and I found I was able to speak again, if only barely.

"People," I rasped, "don't drink blood. I....I don't drink blood. I...I'm not... a monster. Don't--please don't make me one." Just saying that was exhausting...I could barely breathe, as though I had run a marathon.

Distantly, I found myself trying to remember whose idea it had been originally, to fill a can of pepper spray with holy water. It couldn't have been Marissa's...she knew what happened to me when I was around anything holy. I could remember her asking, "What if the can isn't enough? You're still right near the water, it could *kill* you!" Hah, well...the can *had* been enough. The issue was the spraying part, it seemed. Ah well. Nobody gets it all right on the first try, huh?

"Shut up, Lexy." Her voice was exasperated. And beautiful--so, so beautiful. "You're not a monster, you never were. And I love you, I swear I do. You have nothing to prove to me, okay? Lexy, *you don't have to prove anything to me!* I'm not making you a monster. I'm saving your life. I don't care if you hate me for it--I *have* to do this." Her voice was begging, pleading for me to understand.

I let out a soft chuckle, smiling crookedly. "I could never hate you, Mari," was all I said, before my world went black.