 I was standing alone on a dark street in the middle of the night, wearing only my pink silk pajamas and stuffy sloth slippers, holding a Louisville Slugger in one hand and Li’l Doodles in the other, when my world turned upside down. 

“You’re saying,” I mumbled, the words violating my larynx like sandpaper, “[that a man pretended to be a cop when he came into my home last week](https://redd.it/m3gow8)?”

The phone clicked momentarily before the 911 operator’s voice muffled the sound. “That’s exactly what I’m saying, Olivia.”

“And that there’s… no police record of the man who’s been living in the hidden room in my house? I’ve been sleeping there for a week, assuming the cops were keeping an eye on me, while he was-” I dry heaved before catching my breath again. “While he was adding to his pile of crusty tissues?”

I wobbled and nearly fell onto the grass.

“And he’s probably watching me right now, because I just saw a light turn on in my house while I’m standing outside?”

He cleared his throat. “Do you live alone, Olivia?”

I nodded before realizing that he couldn’t see me. My brain felt like it was spit-roasting three feet above my hair. “Yes, I – I’m alone. At least I thought I was.”

“Okay,” he responded quickly, “we have a car heading out to pick you up right now. Just stay where you are. Your house number is 1913, correct?”

The first hints of relief washed through me. I relaxed my grip on the bat, but it felt distant, like I was watching someone else’s arm. “That’s right. I’m here now. Please hurry.”

“We are hurrying. Just don’t go anywhere, okay?” Even he sounded slightly on edge. 

“Would it be a good idea for me to move away from the house? I’m pretty sure he’s inside-”

“No,” he interrupted, “we need you to stay where we can find you.”

“Oh.” I felt lightheaded. “Okay, I’ll – I’ll stay right here.”

Calmness slowly pulled my brain back down to earth, reeling it in like a gently tethered balloon. Strange as this was, we were going to straighten it out. I didn’t know what was going on, but holy *shit* - thank every one of Zeus’s nipples that it hadn’t been too late.

I’d been so *sure* that the cop was real. It chilled me to the liver when I considered just how convincing he’d been. 

The man last week had played it so *calm*, like he didn’t actually give a shit. How was I supposed to recognize a fake police officer when I met him? 

My breath stopped. Not metaphorically – I actually ceased breathing from fear.

“Olivia? Can you hear me?”

How was I supposed to know which was fake, and which was real? 

“The car is almost there, Olivia.”

All I knew is that one of the two had mostly ignored me, while the other was contacting me through a phone immediately after Dad had used that phone to tell me to run.

And that message had been coded, because he clearly thought that someone was listening in. 

Headlights appeared at the end of my street. The car raced toward me.

No one else was around. 

I lowered a shaking hand, holding the phone by my side. 

The car screeched to a halt directly in front of me. 

And I breathed. It was a cop car. That can’t be faked, can it? It would be much easier to pull together an imposter’s uniform than to steal a police cruiser. *This* person had to be the legit one.

I relaxed slightly. 

A tall, thin man hopped out of the driver’s seat. He, too, was dressed like a cop. 

I made a split decision. Who to trust? The lazy cop who did nothing to help me? Or the one connected to a 911 service and driving an authentic car?

“Olivia?” he asked, stepping out to approach me, leaving his keys behind with the engine running.

“Yes,” I answered, relieved.

His pocket echoed. 

Oh, no. 

It echoed with *my* voice. 

I hadn’t been talking to a 911 operator at all. This man had been speaking to me through his cell phone as he drove to find me – a phone that was now in his pocket. 

911 operators don’t have to be so concerned about locations that they can gather through cell pings. 

“I need you to come with me,” he explained authoritatively.

I nodded and slid the phone into my pocket.

Then I tossed Doodles right to him. The man reached out in surprise and caught the stuffed dog, which is the natural human reaction when something flies at your head. This momentarily exposed his torso. I jabbed the bat’s handle forcefully into his gut. He doubled over and wheezed, then bent down in front of me, clutching his stomach. It was the perfect angle for me to bring the Louisville Slugger down on his skull. 

*CRACK*

It sounded like a hammer made of fingernails carving a frozen, dusty chalkboard. He collapsed, and I stepped over him. My hand was on the door’s handle when I stopped cold. 

Turning around, I could see that he was still conscious, but writhing in pain on the ground.

I quickly moved back to him, hoping the sloth slippers muffled my footsteps. Raising the bat high, I bent down and snatched Doodles from his chest. “Thanks,” I whispered to the stuffed dog. 

Then I raced for the police car’s open door, threw Doodles and the bat onto to seat next to mine, shut it behind me, and threw it into drive. 

Damn, cop cars are *powerful.*

I spun an erratic 180 before punching the gas and heading down the street. I glanced at the rearview mirror just before turning the corner.

The man lay, unmoving, beneath a streetlight. 

I let out a deep, shuddering sigh of relief. 

“Hello, Olivia,” came [a voice from the back seat](https://www.facebook.com/P-F-McGrail-181784199029462/).

[BD](https://www.reddit.com/r/ByfelsDisciple/)



[Watch]( https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCcn_pa1QfNMRzbTuJqXSoRQ)

[Expand](https://www.reddit.com/r/TheCrypticCompendium/)